- It is good if you have internet than you can download the stuff, else, you can't  

+ The RIO rocks! It is so great that Diamond Multimedia prevailed in their fight against the forces of pure evil in the music industry and allowed us, the public, to have the RIO! This little baby holds your MP3's and plays  them with outrageous quality and no moving parts! You simply cannot make  the music &quot;skip&quot;. Take it jogging, bob sledding, whatever! The  Rio is cute and compact, battery lasts forever, runs great and is really  simple to use. Works well with the PC linkup, etc. A hot item!  

+ I had high hopes for the Diamond Rio and it certainly lived up 2 the hype. Lightweight and excellent quality with some good connecting software. My only gripe can be with memory. You definately need another 32Mb to store  your music. If you want one, my advice is to wait for the new upgraded  version with 64Mb and a graphic equaliser!  

+ Diamond's RIO is the current, silicon-state nightmare for monopolistic entertainment industries. When the first audio recording-devices entered the consumer market decades ago, the idea of a controlled  &quot;charge-per-copy&quot; business model in the music industry was  doomed. Although traditional copyrights could never be totally enforced,  the record and music-producing industry neglected these threads existing in  the shades of multi-billion profits.<p>Mp3 and the Internet raided the  existing markets with their &quot;natural&quot; power like a cruise-missile  against a frying-pan.  Like other good examples for  &quot;Killer-Apps&quot;, the RIO is designed to Web-Specs (mp3). This makes  its use and performance comparable with other CD-quality playing devices  while putting the power of the internet into the palm of your hand. If you  want to make a statement of &quot;being digital&quot;, the RIO is a must!  

+ Remember when the Walkman hit the market years ago?  At first it was fad, then it became a craze before finally becoming as ubiquitous as taxi cabs in Manhattan.  The Diamond Rio is the first product with the potential to  eventually REPLACE the Walkman.  Think about it - portable music that  sounds as clear as a compact disc from a device that looks and feels like a  pager.  Unshockable, no matter how much you jump around or how bumpy the  bus ride.  This is the perfect gift for your favorite &quot;gadget  junkie&quot;, as long as they have a PC to download from.  Pssst...here's a  secret:  you can record your own CD's into MP3 format and download the  songs into your RIO - it isn't just for internet music!!  Great product.  

+ It's cool and small  

+ ...the 'Windows' software to download songs to the device DOES NOT WORK WITH Windows NT.<p>Also, the headphones are low quality so you might want to get some better ones because the actual quality of the audio signal is  pretty good.  The solid-state walkman has arrived.  

+ Since the firts day I saw it, i knew it was going to be a great product. I just bought mine here on amazon.com!!!  What a terrific idea! I think it's going to be the standard for music, not only for the people that are  &quot;on-line&quot;but everybody as well. I highly recommend it!  

- Only a half an hour of &quot;near&quot; quality music makes this format seriously flawed. To change music you eventually have to upload new music, i.e. a huge inconveneince when a computer is available. Mini disc is also  shock proof, recordable, near cd quality but in addition you can change  music with out the inconvenience of uploading music from a computer.  

+ RIO is really great, but Diamond should increase its memory so as to really worth the money.  

+ I bought this for one reason, and one reason only: size. Many of the other mp3 players out there were larger and clunkier. I own a Handspring Visor Deluxe and was going to use that as an mp3 player because of the aforementioned clunky sizes of other players. &quot;Why spend money for something that's not much smaller?&quot; I thought. Then, I stumbled across this baby... I read the specs and was admittedly not too impressed. 32 megs is not much, especially if you're going for full stereophonic 128 kbps sound. At that rate you could only get about half an hour of music - enough to go to the store, but not much more. Of course, there was always the option of a memory card but those added to the cost. It looked like I was going to pass this player by until I saw one on sale at an un-named competitor of this fine site. At the price I saw it for, I had to take the chance... Twenty four hours later, I'm still in awe. To begin with, just seeing the darn thing gives you a swell feeling. It's tiny, I mean tiny. It made my wife proclaim it to be &quot;cute.&quot; In such a small package I was expecting so-so sound at best. Not true. It is super duper. The built-in equalizer is servicable enough, and it takes a quick press o' the button to change settings. So I was hooked on the sound and size, there was only the capacity issue to consider... Then I rememberd my good friend db PowerAmp Music Converter (search for it on the web). This sweet program lets you convert current mp3's to lame or blade mp3's with a smaller bit rate. Smaller bit rate means smaller size. Smaller size means less space on the 32 meg memory, which translates into more sound. Lovely. Some will decry encoding anything to less than cd (128 kbps) sound, but pah I say. I was born and raised on analog and a little less crispness in my music is actually preferred. The human ear can barely discern the difference between 80 and 128 kbps recordings anyway, so why bother? At 80 kbps I can squeeze about 50 minutes or so of music into that 32 megs. Not bad. Not bad at all. After I buy a 64 or 96 meg card, I'll be waltzing back and forth to work with only my tiny kazoo as my companion. Beautiful. If you are reading this and thinking either &quot;What in hades is he talking about?&quot; or &quot;That is way to much bother for listening to some music!&quot; please reconsider! It takes only a few minutes (even for you 56 k types) to download db PowerAmp and a few more to convert the mp3's to lower bitrates. Trouble? Nah. At least not for the payoff. Sweet music for a sweet price. Did I mention it's tiny and cute? Buy this mp3 player and be a happy camper. It's a wonder.  

+ Beware when considering this product!  Although it prominently displays the USB compatability, it does not state on the exterior package that it is only Window compatible.  When I found a friend foolish enough to be using Window's software I got some music loaded into it.  It is a remarkable device, small, easy to use, good sound quality, and expandable.  However, after about 1 month of use the screen died and it is currently in route to RCA for a repair/replace.  I complained to them that the word Universal in USB should mean Universal, i.e. both Mac and Windows compatible.  

+ After about a week of researching about 25 mp3 players I finally settled on the RCA Kazoo. I wanted the smallest mp3 player possible, but didnt want to sacrifice great sound. My Kazoo delivers for only $... After much research I decided I needed a unit that had: lock (so buttons dont get pushed accidentally), bass boost/ equalizer, digital volume control, big clear display, & fast transfer rate (2.4Mb/sec). You'd be supprised many more expensive units dont have all of these features. I also didnt care about other formats since mp3 is the standard & all formats can be converted to mp3 via software. The included software Music Match & Real Jukebox are excellent. I just dragged & dropped my mp3 files from explorer into real Jukebox. Real Jukebox lets you set the bit rate you would like and automatically lowers bitrate on files to bitrate you choose to save memory/size. This brigs me to the 1 of 2 drawbacks. ALthough 32 mb is common w/ mp3 players it isnt enough (at 128k bit rate). I plan on ordering a 64 MB MM card (dont pay more than $1/mb if you decide to buy memory). I did find out that at 56k the sound was still awesome & I can hold about 75 minutes of music w/o extra memory. The second drawback doesnt apply to me but I read in one review that this doesnt support Mac. If you are a windows user you will be very satisfied!! I can't see why anyone could buy a player w/ a slower transfer rate; USB is the way to go. <br>One last note: The display is large & easy to read. It shows track, time, bit rate, volume, battery, & dsp.  It does not show the name of the current song that is playing the way larger mp3 players do.<br>Hope this helps & good luck in your search.  

+ This mp3 player is awesome. It's go great sound and is so small. It's lightweight and portable. The only reason I don't give it a 5 star is because it doesn't have that much memory. I can fit up to 10 songs on it. If it had more memory I would give it a five star. But great for beginners who want a mp3 player because it's so inexpensive and it's easy to use.  

- I bought this player and was fairly happy with it.  It is very small and sounds fine.  Unfortuneately, I lost the cd containing the drivers for it.  I called customer service to get a replacement cd.  My first call to RCA/Thompson technical support directed me to a page where I could download software for the RCA Lyra.  After telling the representative that I had the K@zoo, and not the Lyra, he said &quot;sorry, that's all the information I have.&quot;  <p>Today, I figured I'd try again - maybe there'd be more information.  This time I was told, in fact, that the software is not available online, but that the cd could be shipped to me.  However, it would cost $12.95 for a cd containing one driver, and 2 free to download software programs.  I was about to order, when I was then informed of the $9.95 SHIPPING FEE.  TO MAIL ME ONE COMPACT DISK.  <p>Needless to say, I am far from pleased, and I urge anyone considering buying an RCA product to stay far, far away.  If you ever need customer service (and judging by the reviews of many mp3 players, you will), you will greatly regret the purchase.  

+ I bought this today and I'm very pleased.  The size is great (very small), the sound quality is excellent, and the behind-the-ear headphones that it came packaged with are also very nice.  The price is very low and the USB feature makes transfer easy.  The software included is relatively simple to use and allows you to insert cds, and create MP3 files.  <br>The only drawback is that the 3 ways they made for you to wear it are pretty bad.  It comes with a pendant (who wants to have it swinging around their neck?) a little plastic pouch that is very hard to put on your belt, and a wrist strap.  I found a good way to wear it, though.  Buy one of those little sticky things with the belt clip that you use for a cell phone and then just clip it on your belt with that.  Once you get that, it's perfect.  

- The software on the RCA Kazoo is almost impossible for me to figure out.  The RCA kazoo's Headphones also "are bad".  I think it is too expensive for what its worth and i am asking you not to buy this peice of junk.  

- Even thought I got this thing FREE after rebates with the purchase of Windows XP, even though the Install disk says Windows XP, Windows XP tells you when you try to install it that it is NOT CERTIFIED to run on Windows XP.  I figured it must run OK nonetheless, since the Install disk says XP and it came free with Windows XP, but it doesn't on my machine.<p>In fact, even though the player shows up when you plug it in on the taskbar, the software doesn't recognize it.  Windows Media Player doesn't see it either.  <p>The USB cable is too short if you have a tower machine.  It doesn't even reach to the counter.  

+ great player for the first time buyer. it's tiny, and very cute. has all the basics. very nice price.  

+ While this unit best feature is it's small light weight size, without a memory card you can only get 6-8 MP3's on the built in 32 meg of flash ram. Also I've heard that the software won't work with Windows XP, I had planed on upgrading soon? The headphones are pretty good although they start to hurt the ears after 30-40 mins. This MP3 player sure blows away those old clunky walkman CD players, it's 1/10th of the size and weight! Smaller is indeed better!  

+ This MP3 player, voice recorder, FM radio all-in-one is 1/4" longer and same width as my AMEX card and 1/4" thick. Five buttons on two edges control all functions while 1" X 5/8" see-through display gives needed info. Diplay was B in normal room light with my trifocal glasses and was C- with adjustable edge lighting in dark rooms. The built-in battery recharges from any USB connection. You will want a short USB connector, not the six-footer that is included - compactness is why you buy it.<br /><br />Windows 2000 and XP recognize the player at once when connecting with the USB cable. The player comes up as an external drive, so just move files with Explorer and you are set.<br /><br />Voce recorder is easy enough and did an adequate job recording me from my shirt pocket with decent fidelity. Probably OK on a desktop to pick up two or three people around the desk. Built-in mic is the only choice.<br /><br />FM tuner sensitivity was a nice surprise. Reception in my office was as clear and sensitive as on my Grundhig portable, and it automatically scanned in 30 stations on first use. (Presets can of course be manually chosen.) The earbuds are the antenna.<br /><br />A crummy cloth bag was included, but a small leather slip case with a pocket clip would have been so easy to do and much more useful.<br /><br />Sound with the included earbuds seemed fine to me - definitely a a few steps above entry level.The unit is nicely packaged and looks like it could be dropped a good number of times with no problems.                   

- I bought this instrument and it was spoilt within 2 months.The navigation to songs isnt user friendly.Even though I charge the battery completely, the instrument turns off abruptly.Sometimes it never goes on.Tried resetting it, charging it..nothing works.I am not sure whether its a defect with the instrument or the product, but would never go for it again.  

- I had great hopes for this product, and I read the reviews so I only have myself to blame, but this is not a very well built product. Catchy see through display is hard to read. On/Off is tough and not very intuitive. Sound was good. Radio was limited in its ability to "tune". If I had the chance, I wouldn't buy it again. Sorry!  

+ Why settle for less, when you can get a brand new original iPod nano 4GB for Free! I got mine from this web site:  ilikethis.info/ipod-nano  

+ like  very  mach  the  product   for     had   voice  recorder  al    radio    very  mucho   also    for the  batery  is      work   more  time  other  product  today  on   the  market    realy   recomet  the   product  other  buy    is  realy  good  product    also    the  pray   in  amazon    

+ Ok, first of all, in response to a few of you who have 'reviewed' the Zen Micro already:  If there aren't many OGG players out there, there's probably a good reason for it. For some reason, 'Betamax' keeps ringing in my ears...  Second, no one, and I mean NO ONE, listens to AM radio. Unless you want to catch 'the game', or perhaps you're just grumpy because your cane has fallen behind the washing machine again and you can't reach it?  Third, if your girlfriend laughs at you, tell her where to shove it. Strap on a pair man. If anything you should feel smug for owning a quality piece of intriguing equipment.  As an iPod owner, I can say well done to creative for emulating apple's simplicity and sleek looks. I'd be interested.  

+ This device looks pretty nice but it's really not very competitive.  The iPod mini is smaller and sexier, albeit limited in supported formats and the Rio Karma is a far better value.  The karma is only $5 more, it's small, had a 20 gig drive and supports more formats including ogg.  The karma doesn't look as sexy but it's interface is very efficiently designed.  In fact, it's much better than the iPod in that regard.  The karma also has a very long battery life.  Having owned both the karma and other Creative Lab products (including Zen) I would have to say the Karma also sounds better.  No comparison in my opinion.  

+ This is not really a review since the product isn't even available yet.  I'd just like to point out to the all the ipod lovers out there that this device completely rules the ipod when it comes to the battery.  If the ipod's battery stops taking a charge, which usually happens after about 18 months of steady use, you CAN'T replace it yourself.  You have to send it back to the factory where they charge you ninety-nine bucks plus shipping.  For that simple reason I will never own an ipod.  

+ Alot of people seem to compare any music player to an Ipod. Comments such as "it's stylish" or "it looks cool" or "everyone has it" don't nesseseraly make something good.About the Ipod: it has it's downfalls as well. As for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I read that every button is touch sensitive, and thats very annoying when all the main buttons are on the front. Putting the Micro into your pocket could trigger just about anything (unless the hold feature is improved: it asks if you want to "unhold" for every button up press) Second, I'm worried about the durability of the player. After research of other creative hard drive players, i found that most of them aren't very durable and tend to crash (read most reviews on amazon.com and see for yourself). Last, i find the price a bit expensive for a product such as this. $190 or $200 or less would have been much more reasonable (price compareble to 20gb mp3 players). As for the warrenty, i havent seen it yet, but i fear for a short one again.  Pros The Design is very nice, and the colors are too. They are bold colors, not the (personally) irratating toned down 'light' Ipod colors. It also has tons more features then previous creative products, and most of them are very useful such as the ability to custimize the main menu to show the stuff you want, not the default items (creativelabs.com for more on that).  The battery is also convenient, but could have been better, such as the Zen Touch's battery (but at least this one is removable).    Verdict:  Had I not needed something with a tad bit more space, I consider this player fair game. If you don't mind all the buttons being touch sensitive, I'd recomment buying it to try out, and also buy an extra 2 year warrenty for it (there are some offered here, for about $15 dollors I think).  Closing: For everyone who is shallow and buys the Ipod only becouse of it's looks (i'm not saying it's necissarily bad), here's a joke: What did the Pencil Sharpener say to the Pencil? Stopping going in circles and get to the point. Why go in circles to find something you want? (  :)  )  

+ Nobody has clearly articulated what exactly about the Ipod mini makes it better than this product.  I have visited multiple websites, and for virtually EVERY new hard-drive-based mp3 player I find, there are always user reviews that smash the new player and say something like "Just go buy an Ipod!"  Apple apparently has built up a very nice following of brainwashed consumers.  It is unlikely that you will EVER get the best products just by sticking with one company.  What is the conjunctive probability that each successive product release will be without flaws or that the company isn't having turnover in the R&D department (or making bad management decisions)?  Apple never was involved with a lot of audio products until the Ipod.  I have owned some kind of Creative audio product since 1993 and have never had to call tech support.  Of course, some were better than others, and I probably could have gotten a better sound card from another company at some point.  The main issue now is that this new Zen Micro seems to be the best on the market at least temporarily.  It beats Apple on the storage space, it beats apple on the removable battery (and batter life), and I personally like its interface more than the Ipod scroll wheel.  Further, the tech specs suggest that it has better audio quality than the Ipod.  It may be that the next Creative product is complete junk, but you should make product decisions based on product attributes NOW, not based on a halo effect of an idealized company (Apple) or other pointless loyalties.    

+ Im thinking of getting the Zen Micro.I have search for a while for the right mp3 and this seems to be the one!  It looks very good and seems like it'll work very well.  I personally think its better than the i pod.  My favorite things are the vertical touch pad and the changable battery.!! Thank you for making this MP3!!!!! -Mevis  

- Why would anyone buy this when you can get a 20GB iPod that will hold 4 times the number of songs (and even MORE if AAC encoding is used) for the same price???  In addition , iPods can be used as portable hard drives and can display your calendars and contact info.   

+ Not a review, I'll update when I get it, but these are the points that sold me: - Calendar that can synch with MS Office (contrary to other posts, the micro does have this functionality and it is actually better than the mini's functionality so long as you have Outlook) - Removable battery (iPod and Rio Carbon fall short) - More Space than iPod Mini - FM Radio Tuner - Not stuck with iTunes (I buy all my CDs, I like to listen to a whole album) - Looks Nice, seems to have a good interface - Bundeled with good software - Best audio quality on the market for comperable players - Creative's history in audio - My past experience with Creative - Did I mention the removable battery?  That's huge! - Also much better battery life than the iPod Mini.  On par with the Carbon - Voice/Radio recording a +, but not a big one for me  

+ Creatives new Zen micro is a promising mp3 player for people of all ages. It seems to be the only mini-drive player that can compete with the iPod mini. Compared to the mini, heres are the pros and cons:   Pros-Removable battery, Better battery life, Ten electrifying colors(5 more than the mini), Intuitive vertical Touch Pad, Mesmerizing blue glow, FM radio with recording, Voice recording and built in mic, Twice the internet music access(including Napster, MSN's music service and more), Comes with everything you need (A belt clip that doubles as a stand, a protective carrying case, a USB 2.0 cable, a universal AC adapter and in-ear dynamic bass response earbuds)  Cons-Even though it hold more songs than the iPod mini,5gb may not be enough storage for a growing music library, Does not have games which should not be an issue for most people, Not as many accessory options from brands other than Creative (but hey, it comes with everything you'll ever need, except the optional wired remote which i will be getting once i get mine)  All in all, this is a solid player for many users from the begginer to the audiophile  yes..i will be getting one, the Pros substantially outnumber the cons. This is the player ive been looking for.  

+ this item does intrigue me. And by the way don't label the IPod owners as brainwashed when you're raving about a product you haven't even seen yet. And if you believe the battery will last 12 hours just cuz Creative says it will, they YOU'RE brainwashed. Also, Creative is NOT the first to market this kind of MP3 player. They followed after the PJB-100 from Hy-Tek or Hango or someone like that. I had one of those (paid thru my nose) and later I had the Creative Jukebox. The Jukebox I owned was a piece of garbage. The user interface was either insanely poor, or it was malfunctioning upon arrival. It stopped working completely after a few months. So I'm a bit leary about the zen micro.  However, comparing it to my IPod mini, I seem some positives: 1.) Modular battery. 2.) FM radio. 3.) Possibly better buttons. (never liked the IPod wheel)  I wonder if the buttons operate as well as the IPod's wheel, which can be a nuisance sometimes. Cuz when your trying to use it for a button sometimes it thinks your trying to use it as a wheel. And I don't think anybody has ever improved on the good old standard volume dial. But for surfing thru lists, or very long recordings, the IPod wheel rules.  One thing that's cool about the IPod mini is that it doesn't carry a disk drive but rather a CF card. No spinning mechanical hard drive. Much more reliable.  I am interested in the zen. But I'd really have to check it out in person first before being convinced one way or the other.  Can anyone who OWNS an IPod and a Zen comment on the relative sound quality? That's a big issue for me and if it does sound better, I might consider trying out the zen and possibly EBaying my IPod mini.  

- I bought a 6gb Micro in 4/06..after several months the screen locked up...I tried everything including a new battery...$200 bucks in the trash! Don't buy Creative anything..terrible product....... terrible company..   

+ after about a month it started freezing regularly when I tried to turn it off. The only way to unfreeze the thing was to take the battery out. Then, about a week later, it just completely froze, and the screen showed a picture of an unhappy zen micro...   Well, obviously this wasn't normal, so I called Creative and they said normally they would replace it, but they discontinued the product. Oh well, I did get my money back, and the customer service was good, so 4 stars. I really liked it, and I would recommend it, I just hope it doesn't break.  

+ If you go to the RCA web site it says nothing about the following features. -------                                                                                                                        Composite Video Output Composite video output allows you to display video images on your TV set.  ------Audio and Video Recording Mode Records from analog input source to mp3 format. Records from analog video input to MPEG-4 format.  ------Compact Flash (Type 1) Slot Transfers audio, video or any file type to HDD. View pictures directly from digital camera's compact flash card.  I hope it has all of these fetures because I think I'm buying it. Even without them it looks like a great player. Somebody please write a review on this product.  

+ I'm a fanatic...I normallly do alot of research before buying anything...I looked at the Creative Zen, mini-IPOD etc. Then I came across this beauty by chance on Amazon, released at the start of April. It is incredible..very light and tiny, beautiful clear screen, user-friendly software, great sound. The earphones included are terrible but thats pretty normal for this sort of purchase. Everyday use is childs-play, uploading songs is quick and easy. Controls are perfect too and well-designed.  I took a chance and bought this without any real knowledge of its reliability..so far so good..dropped it already and no problems. Also comes with a handy case.   Most of my friends have mini IPODs...I was tempted to join the masses...but everyone agrees this jukebox is superior...and its far nicer to look at..the aluminium finish is superb, though it does get smudged easily. I am a very proud owner so far. Added addition is ability to look at photos.  Be brave and buy this...you will not be disappointed!!!  

+ The Good Stuff - Small dimensions, average build-quality - Shiney, polished-metal style materials (plastic, actually)  - 5Gb MicroDrive  - 5-way joystick plus a mechanical wheel-scroller for zooming quickly through lists  - Charges over USB  - Color screen (not TFT, the duller type) - File/Folder browsing AND iD3 based browsing (Artist, Album, Track, Genre, Year, etc)  - Profiling (can scan tracks and self-databased iD3-tag info like Rio Carbon, no software required)  - View photos  - 5-band custom EQ  - Choose MSC or MTP complient in the Settings Menu. First time we've seen this ability. Might as well stick with the Mass Storage Complient option unless you're a big fan of WMP10  - Damn near gapless MP3 playback  - Power output (volume) is very strong, like 50 steppings - Includes a protective case with belt clip and AC adapter (you don't get these with an iPod anymore) - Includes Sennheiser MX400 earbuds which are a lot better than you usually get for freebies  The Bad - No dedicated play controls, use the joystick instead  - Color screen is small (1-inch), colors are washy  - No FM radio or recording  - Can't view photos and listen to music at the same time - Battery life doesn't seem that great so far, like old iPod Minis - case does not have cut-outs for controls or screen  (...)  

- I recently purchased this product and expected a lot from it. The overall design is sleek and the advertised features impressed me. While the price tag is a bit steep, I nevertheless forked out the cash. To my surprised I was very disappointed by its performance. The USB cable was flimsy and didn't seem to fit my player properly, my computer would not recognize the device. I was forced to use an extra USB cable I had. While the music transfer was a breeze, my player began to get extremely hot in minutes. And froze on several occasions. While this might merely be one time malfunction, nonetheless for the 250 dollars I paid I expected a lot more. I would not recommend this product.  

- How to make RCA Lyra RD2765 be recognized as MTP player and installed as Napster To Go device.  There are 2 settings you should check:  1) Be sure that your Protocol is set to MTP (Microsoft Transport Protocol) to insure that your device will work with N2G.   2) The correct MTP driver must be installed by Windows XP. If not, it will only be recognized as a USB Mass Storage device.  There are 2 protocols in this device: MTP & MSC.  You can switch between MTP & MSC if you are a Windows XP user. Unfortunately, old Windows O/S users like Win98 cannot make this switch. It will be fixed to MSC.  How to switch from MTP to MSC and vice versa.  1. From the settings menu, rotate the Control ring to select Advanced.  2. Push the Control Joystick to the right to view Advanced options.  3. The current protocol will be displayed.  4. Press the Control Joystick to switch be tween MTP and MSC.  5. Push the Control Joystick to the left to return to the previous submenu, or press the M button to exit the menu.    More information on MTP & MSC:  Why do I want to use MTP (Media Transfer Protocol) Mode?  MTP Mode is essential if you want to transfer DRM content to your Lyra Jukebox. Today MTP Mode is only supported in Windows XP and through Windows Media Player 10.0 or other special software provided by your music service provider. In MTP mode you Lyra Jukebox will no longer show up as a drive letter. So programs that were designed to work with a device that shows up as a drive letter will not be able to work directly with the Lyra Jukebox.  Why do I want to use MSC (Mass Storage Class) Mode?  If you are using Windows 98SE, ME or 2000 you can not use MTP Mode only MSC Mode is available. Your Lyra Jukebox will always show up as a MSC device.  If you are using Windows XP your Lyra Jukebox will show up as a MTP device, but we have provide you the option to be able to switch it to MSC Mode with a setting in the Advanced Options section of the Lyra Jukebox. Once this setting is set to MSC Mode every time you connect the device to the PC it will show up as a drive letter and allow you to use any software that can work with MSC Mode. This will also allow the current version of LyraDJ or any other playlist editing program to find the device.  All supported content put on the device in either mode MTP or MSC will be available to play on the device once it is disconnected from the PC. So you could add mp3 files in the  MSC Mode then run LyraDJ, Profile the device and disconnect it. Then switch it to MTP Mode and reconnect it and add DRM content to it.  

+ Please go to RCA's website and download and install the lastest firmware update. Lots of enhancements and feature upgrades  Firmware:: RD2765 Lyra mp3 Hard Drive Firmware/Application Upgrade (Version 1.25)  

- personally i think that this thing is a great mp3 player if you intend to only have it for a few months, i've had mine for 3 months today, and so far the only thing that i've found is that is, wheel used for ajusting the volume sucks! and then eventually the little joystick will stop working and it is very hard to keep clean. It is currently in the process of being sent to the manufacturer so that i can be fully refunded my money.  

- My unit is actually the red one that is 4 GB but otherwise the same. I'm not impressed at all. Within TWO DAYS of gentle treatment the screen had a line through it. I didn't like the musicmatch software or synching with Windows Media Player. I DO like the hard drive factor  and once I changed it from MTP to MSC it worked better. I thought it was a good price for a 4 GB model, but I'm not sure I'm even going to keep it now. It is small and cute, but not very sturdy. I also can't find a case to fit it appropriately and still allow access to the controls. All the cases seem to be made for iPods.  

- I bought this because Consumer Reports gave it a high rating.  I should have read the reviews here first.  It won't even connect with our computer using a USB port I use all the time and we've tried 3 cords, 2 of which are verified.  The device just says 'connecting' and windows says the device is malfunctioning.  I hope we can get our money back since we ordered it through an Amazon affiliate.  We've tried some of the settings suggestions posted here to no avail.  I would give it a negative star if that was an option.  Maybe it's just this one that is a lemon.  But this is a real disappointment as it was a gift for my husband and I spent a lot of time researching this purchase.  Paint me a sucker.  

+ I am still waiting to receive my player from having it shipped off more than 1 month ago.  Got the player for Christmas, got it up and running with no problem.  Putting required software on my computer was a breeze.  I really like the sleek, shiny look of the player and it had good organization of files, etc.  Anyway, after about 2 days, got a message when I turned it on that "File system was corrupted."  Player was still under warranty, so I shipped it off to their processing HQ in TX.  They received my package (as shown by UPS) 4 weeks ago.  Called once, after 2 weeks, and they said it had not been logged into the system, but would get it taken care of.  Now, today it is still not logged into their system and I can call back in 24-48 hrs to check my status.  Calling in takes every bit of fifteen minutes of listening to horrendous Pan-flute music looped over and over again.  I think this would be a nice player, but customer service is sorely lacking.  I will write a real review of this player... if I ever get it back.  

- Don't waste your money. What iRiver doesn't tell their customers is that once the battery goes dead, the system is useless. I will never buy one of their products again and I'm doing my best to inform everyone out there that they'll be tossing their money in the trash by purchasing any iRiver products. My system cost me $340.00 and it is now as useless as the customer service department at iRiver  

- Unfortunately, when I bought this thing it was new on the market, so the horror stories that are seemingly abundant now weren't around to warn me off back then. Needless to say, I have been plagued by problems with my pmc-120 from quite early on. My pmc has since totally died and despite testing with new batteries etc, turns on but does not respond.... Rubbish!! considering I paid $300+ this is unacceptable.   To add insult to injury, iriver North America has not responded to my emails. Therefore, the warranty I paid for is effectively useless.Please don't buy this product. There are other portable media centers out there, like the toshiba gigabeat and the DreamEo, but I'm really not sure if they're any good either!! Like others here, I am doing my utmost to warn people away from making the mistake of buying one of these infernal contraptions.   A7  

+ I bought this product last week and found it to be simpily amazing there were only a few cons. 1. slightly bulky  2. case is ummm well i cant spell atrocious but thats close enough But the pros greatly outnumber the cons 1. massive storage 2. large 3.5 in screen 3. durable(i mean people are saying it breaks if you drop it duh drop an ipod it wont just break it shatters) 4. great battrie life 14 audio 5 video(and if your a music junkie like me i bought a spare battrie) 5. easy to control,buttons are easy to understand All in all a great product if you like movies and music with 20 gigs i currently have 17 movies on it with about 5 gigs left for music completly awsome although not quite small enough to fit in pocket if your a girl guys we have no problem remember bulge is good. Its not quite a five but most defiantly not a 4. So the you have it i recomend this to people who dont mind a little bulk for a little buck ha ha i made a funny.... man im wierd  

+ I purchased the PMC-120 in July 2007. It's very easy to use and there was plenty of storage space for me to store the material I wanted. There are over 2100 songs and 30 videos on my player with 8GB of space remaining. I was able to purchase it for a hundred bucks, so that made it that much more enjoyable. I would give the PMC-120 a five star rating, but it is to dependent on Windows Media 10. Maybe I-River can come up with a format that allows the PMC-120 to be able to sychronize with Windows Media 11 or higher? The video quality is excellent, and it is user friendly. Their tech support is decent, but they try to help you through any problems that may occur with the PMC-120. When you get your device there will be around 18GB on it. I'm thinking of getting the nieces and nephews one for Christmas or birthdays. It's a little bulky, but I'm pleased with the purchase. It normally sells for over $500.00, so you should hurry up and land one. If you want to waste your money, purchase an IPOD. Whenever I take a road trip I hook up the PMC-120 to the I-River FM Transmitter, and it's music non stop. The PMC-120 has a car charger, but it doesn't come with it. I bought my charger for $12.00 off of E-Bay.   

- pmc 120 wasn't worth the $100 I spent.  Music quality is fair but glitches frequently.  I've been unable to make it through an entire video without the player freezing.  The picture quality is low and did not meet my expectations.  

- I purchased the iRiver PMC120 on 12/12/07 and gave it to my grandson as an early Christmas gift on 12/21/07.  On 12/23/07, the screen quit working and the inner screen has the appearance of being broken; however, there is no damage to the outer screen or any other part of the PMC and no reason to suspect that the PMC was abused.  I have returned it to iRiver, as instructed, and am awaiting their response.  Needless to say, I am not impressed with the product at this time and have not yet formed an opinion about iRiver's service since they were closed when the situation occurred, I was only able to initiate proceedings after January 2, 2008 and the issue is currently unresolved.  

+ I purchased this mp3 player because I wanted something tiny, without an internal battery to fail, and inexpensive in March 2005.  I still have it, and have used it about 20-40 hours per week, almost every week since I've had it, and it is still going strong.  I love it, the AAA battery lasts about 15-20 hours, and its easy to keep spares on hand-instead of having to worry about recharging the whole unit. I have a PC, and changing around files is a breeze. The rubber case it came with clips easily to waistband, belt, neckline, wherever you want it to go, and then you can forget about it-its not huge and bulky like certain other players (ahem, IPOD).   I highly recommend it. Over the last 15 months, it's been every where with me-art studio (had a near miss with paint, one day) working out, locked in the car in a hot texas summer, and dropped too many times to count, and it both works and looks as good as the day it arrived.  

- Purchased this MP3 player in April 2005.  Worked great for twelve months - then I had a problem - it was stuck in FM mode, and I could not turn it off (unless I pulled out the batteries each time).  Went to the Creative Labs web site for support - nothing there to help my situation - then I sent an email - and they told me that they WOULD NOT ASSIST ME, and then refered me back to the web site.  They also gave me a phone number to call - but that IT WOULD COST ME [...] EVERY 30 MINUTES OF "SUPPORT" THAT THEY PROVIDE!!!!   So now my MP3 player is no longer functional, and I need to buy a new one.  If you value customer service - STAY AWAY FROM CREATIVE LAB PRODUCTS  

+ I had this Mp3 player for 1-2 years before I got my Ipod Nano. I never found anything wrong with it, and for the price I still think it is more worth the value than an ipod. I always reccomend the Creative over the ipod to friends on a limited budget. Here are a few pros and cons that I have noticed.  Pros:  1. This thing is TINY. Easily fits in your pocket, but just big enough to feel it (so you know its still there).  2. Very durable (Especially with the case).  3. Good Sound, never had a problem with scratchy noises or anything.  4. Voice recording is really cool, saves as a WAV file that you can upload on your computer.  5. FM/AM radio has very good reception.  6. The software that comes with it is awesome. Click and drag ripping similar to itunes, but better in that you can convert WAV and other audio formats into Mp3s (Very helpful).  7. Great battery life (better than my iPod's)   Cons: 1. Small screen (but this isn't really a problem considering how small the whole thing is).  2. No playlists, you have to scroll through every single song to find the one you want. I found this a little tedious, but it wasn't that bad because you can go through each song in like 1/2 a second (although that is a problem when you have a couple hundred songs).   Those are the only two cons that I can think of. Oh, and my headphones were magnetic for some reason, I don't know if anyone else's are like that, but thats kindof cool. Overall, I think the pros definetly outweigh the cons, and I would say for the great price, its one of the best out there.  

+ I've been using it on a daily basis for more than 1 year already and it's really great. Absolutely no glitches so far (I've dropped it on the floor SEVERAL times), great battery life !  

+ The FM receiver is extremely insensitive.  You practically have to climb the transmitter mast and skewer the thing on the antenna in order to get it to receive a decent signal.  Other than that, it's great.  Battery life is about 2 weeks or so playing MP3s at reasonable volume for 4 hours a day.  Sound quality is better than expected for something packaged in a tiny block of molded plastic.  You will probably want better headphones than the ones that come with it, but the included ones are good for working out with, since you really won't care if you get them sweaty.  Of course, it would be better with more storage.  It is extremely lightweight.  Having owned a number of personal stereo type devices over the years, this is the only one that I consistently use.  The reason is that the size and weight make it convenient to be wired for sound nearly anywhere at any time.  I can easily stick it in any pocket while wearing the earphones, and forget that it is there.  (Aside from the fact that it is playing music in my ears.)  

- I really liked this MP3 player when I first got it, except for the color. It was darker in person that it showed on the computer. Besides that, the MP3 player worked great. It was my first one I had gotten and it was easy enough to use since I mostly used it for workouts and just let it play in order. The first problem I had early on was that it would get stuck after 1 certain song I had on it. At first I thought it was just the song because I would power it off then power on and it would work fine on the next song. I probably had it about a year to a year and a half before one day it just stopped working. At first I thought it was the battery because it kept powering off, but when I put new batteries in it, it wouldn't turn on.   It might have been that it could have been easily fixed, but I just would rather go buy a new one instead of dealing with the hassle of fixing it for the price it cost.  

+ I got this as a gift for my daughter a couple years back and she still uses it to listen to music.  It navigates through the songs and playlists easily.  If you don't have a ton of music to store and you only need your favorites for walks, workouts, biking, etc, this is a great value for the money.  

+ ...the sound quality when recording voice through the built-in mike is quite mediocre.  I had hoped for recording quality like the iRiver units (which is excellent.)  I'm returning mine, as this was an important feature for me.  

+ I got the Muvo N200 for Christmas. I previously had a Samsung Yp-35, and was more than satisfied with it. However, this blows the Yepp out of the water. Here's a list of some of the pros and cons I have found with the player.  PROS 1. The volume range is great. I have never had to turn it all the way up, so you wont have a problem with it being too quiet like some other players. 2. The folder starage is great. Instead of scolling throught a couple hundred songs, I can just go through a dozen or so folders. 3. Great size. The thing is tiny 4. The button interface on it is very well laid out. I can use it in my pocket, without haveing to worry about hitting the wrong thing. 5. The recorder and microphone are great. I particularly liked that you could change the bit rate right on the player. (bit rate: higher bit rate= better quality, but larger file, and vice-versa.) 6. The line in ias a great feature. 7. Really easy to use. Just copy and paste your files. 8. Completely customizable equalizer. 9. Great options for the player's diplay. Reversible screen, contrast, etc.  CONS 1. Like some other people commented, there is a buzz in the background when the light is on. However, you only barely notice if the volume is at lower than 23 or so. (the volume goes up to 40) 2. The ear phones, while they do sound pretty good, are HUGE. They definetly are not the most comfortable things in the world, but they soung pretty good, and you can always replace them.  Overall, I think that this is definetly an awsome buy. Personally, I don't think i will ever regret it. However, I've only had it for one day, so I'll change my review if anything comes up in the future. But as of rightnow, it is great.   

+ I've purchased this item, and I must say that this is one of the best mp3 players (of its genre) i've ever tried.  The controls are easy-to-use, the sound is great and, what a beautiful design!  It has nothing to envy to any Mac product because of the design. Also, the recorder is a good plus (35+ hours)  In one word, excellent  

+ I received the Micro as a gift after suggesting it to someone else.  I'd done a *lot* of research on MP3 players, and this one fit exactly what was needed--small, flash-storage, not too expensive, good quality.  After playing with it, I have to admit the research paid off.  The sound is great, the controls are easy to use, there are lots of options, the accessories are just what you need and the price is nice for how much they packed into it.    To answer the biggest questions I had before getting one....The FM works.  In fact, my wife seems to think it works better than her car stereo.  We had no problem picking up a radio station 70+ miles away (of course, that's in flat ND).  The included software does rip CDs without a problem, though the method for transferring previously stored MP3 is rather awkward.  It does *NOT* accept songs directly from iTunes.  You'll need to be...creative...to get that to work (iTunes downloads in MP4 and protects the file).  The thing is tiny and can go pretty much anywhere.  The protective case is a frosted white material (plastic/rubber/silicone) and covers most of what you want covered, but none of what you don't want covered.  Line-in and microphone are there and work, but aren't exceptional.  The earbuds sound okay, but are pretty big and will probably need to be swapped out.  Oh, and the dark blue version is a nice navy color.  The only things I'd consider changing (beyond the size of the buds) are giving it a replaceable USB-rechargable battery and making the volume buttons feel just a bit more solid.  Really not much of an issue though.  If I was going to buy another MP3 player for this price, there's no doubt I'd buy this one again.  Only thing better would be a 1GB version.  (Mine will be moving around alot, so I don't want a non-solid-state (iPod-type) player.)  

+ I received this MP3 player for Xmas, after doing a TON of research, and this product is sublime.  I got mine for a mere $119 on amazon, new, and the shipping was free.  The sound quality is excellent, thought what people are saying about the white earbuds is true (can hurt after awhile.)  But once you get over that initial pain in your ear, the pain definitely goes away as you will be listening to sweet tunes.  The sound quality is definitely exceptional.  To use the line in feature, all you need is a stereo with a CD player, pop the CD in, press record on the MP3 (with the included cable attached), and you can go take a shower or do whatever you need to do, and the MP3 player will AUTOMATICALLY space each track for you!  So you don't need to sit there and press record for each track.  And I agree with the others, that the FM radio is top-notch.  Stations come in nice and crisp, and it even has a preset feature.  As far as the design, it is FLAWless.  NO SKIPPING.  Ever.  Impressively, it is very very tiny, mine is orange, you can adjust the LCD screen for a lefty or a righty, and the solid color selection is the frosting.  This little bugger is an intuitive DREAM because eventually, you can slip it into your pocket, and you can adjust volume, change folders/tracks or swith playing modes while it's STILL in your pocket!  It's THAT easy to use.  Very intuitive and you will catch on quickly.  It also scrolls the song titles and artists, which I appreciate very much.  The USB 2.0 cable that comes with it delivers seriously lightning fast transfers.   And as far as flash space, I can easily hold 10-15 albums on it.  I know that you can record from the FM radio, but I have yet to figure that out.  The only minuses are: I would trade it for a 1 GB version in a second.  And when the LCD screen is on, there is a very slight buzzing, though you can only hear it if you are in bed about to go to sleep, and even then, it goes away after 2 seconds and it doesn't bother me one bit.  I have to say that if you buy this product, you will NOT be sorry.  I carry it with me constantly and use it constantly.  So far this player only received excellent reviews, so you should get one.  It is the cheapest and the best.  And even if you don't consider the price, it is STILL the best flash MP3 player ever.  

- Although I love the size and plug-and-play simplicity of this player, I can't stand the way it works.  A perky customer support person at Creative told me that it was not designed to support "playlists."  What that means is that you cannot control the order in which songs are played.  So, if you are making a workout mix, you can't put the fast songs first and then cool down songs.  You can't listen to albums in their entirety or intended order.  You can't control anything about the playback experience.  So if you don't mind having Hayden and Hendrix mixed together, this is the player for you.  But if you want to experience music how the artists intended to be experienced, or how you intended when you made the mix, then steer clear of this one.  You will either be disappointed, or very frustrated as you change all the song names in your music library to "a" "b" "c" so that it will play as you want it to.  Bummer.  

+ If size, sound quality, and overall function are your priorities, then this is the player for you. I bought this player after weeks of contemplating and researching. Here's what I've found after 2 weeks of use:  Pros: Size (smallest I've seen) It has better sound quality than i-pods and ALL other flash-based players. There are multiple pre-set equalizers in addition to a 5 channel custom eq. After all, this is made by a company who makes premium sound cards!  Easy set up and use. Despite what one reviewer said you can put tracks on in order, you just have to understand how to use the program. The wheel for scrolling around the player is brilliant.  The belt clip/case and armband are very well designed and seem very durable.  The headphones are good, especially when compared to other (more expensive) players that barely attempt (i-river, i-pod, etc.).  Now for some cons:  Price, I paid $139.99 at Circuit City. I realize you can get it a little cheaper and it is competitive against comparable players but... if I didn't need the small size and reliability of a flash player for working out I would've spent another $100 or so and gotten a hard drive based player.   As previously discussed the volume button seems a little chinsy. (but at least everyone's is consistantly loose suggesting that there are no problems with quality control)  The software is a little invasive, it wants to be your next Windows Media Player, but is a feeble attempt. The default settings can be changed so it is strictly a support device for the MuVo.  That's it, if you are looking for a flash based player, this is definitely the right choice. I give it a 4.5 for the price thing but there is not option for that.   

+ excellent mp3 player.  extra small and light.  just drag mp3's over with or without folders. i like that it uses AAA batteries. one problem i had is it stopped responding, but after firmware update it works perfectly.  

+ This isn't the perfect Mp3 player, but it's pretty good, especially when you consider the price. Overall, this player has more good features than it does bad.  It also has a number of features I doubt I'll ever use.  The Good: - Size - at 512 meg, it's not meant to hold your entire CD library.  It's a great player to take jogging.  It holds roughly seven or eight full albums. (maybe more depending on the quality of the mp3s) - File transfer - it's a flash storage device.  So to get songs onto your mp3 player simply drag and drop the files from your computer. - Size/weight - the thing is less than an ounce.  (Try holding two AAA batteries, that's how much it weighs with its battery).  It's about the size of a lighter.  - Strap and holder - comes with it's own velcro strap and rubbery holder. I-pod charges another 20 bucks for theirs. This player comes with a strap free. Free!! - Battery - while on the Ipod subject, this player uses one AAA battery.  I'm not sure how long it lasts, because mine still has juice, so at least several hours on one battery.  So, unlike the Ipod that has an internal battery and costs oodles of cash to replace, this comes with a AAA battery that's cheap and easy to replace (and it only needs replacing on rare occasions). - Sound Quality - uhhh...it's good and stuff - Price - Quite a lot of bang for the buck.  I've seen players with half the storage sell for the same price. Again: this player will not hold your entire mp3 library, if that's what you want, this player's not for you. - System compatability - some mp3 players (Ipod again), only work on Windows XP or 2000.  This one will work with Windows '98.   The Bad - Rubber USB port cover - it's flimsy and I just know it's going to fall off.  I don't think that'll affect the player, but I'd rather have a cover that worked and didn't fall apart. - backlight noise - with low volume (25/40), there's a perceptible buzzing noise whenever the backlight is on.  Of course, you can turn the backlight off, and it's completely unnoticable when the volume is turned up (mine' usually at 30 or so when jogging). - Track playing problems - a couple of tracks skip on this player, and other times whole albums would not play unless I transferred each individual track (instead of just dragging the entire album file).  - Ear buds - these furry things annoy me. They're okay for sound quality, but they're a bit uncomfortable. Ipod's are much better. I already had earphones for my old mp3 player, and I use them instead of the ones that came with this one.  Stuff I probably won't ever use - FM Radio - if I wanted an FM radio, I wouldn't have blown $120 bucks on an mp3 player! - file management software - even though you don't need it (see file transfer above), the player comes with its own mp3 management software.  Actually, I've used this some, and it's better than some (Rio, musicmatch); but it's still pretty useless. - microphone - The quality is OK, but why would anyone ever want to record their own voice into an mp3 player? Maybe I'm just narrowminded... - Mp3 ripper - this player comes with its own line that you can connect to a CD player to rip mp3's directly onto your player. If you're looking at mp3 players, odds are, most of your CDs are already ripped.  I have to say, overall I'm pleased with my purchase.  It's not perfect, but at the price it performs very well and avoids a lot of the pitfalls of other mp3 players. No it's not a 40 gig player that stores ALL your songs you ever heard.  It is a good value, and the perfect player to take to the gym.  ****UPDATE**** After 5 months, this product stopped working properly.  It skipped tracks, and played some but not others.  Customer support was a complete joke.    

+ I was looking for a flash mp3 player that would work well for audio books.  I had briefly thought of buying the new Apple Shuffle, but realized that it really wouldn't suit my purposes well (who'd want to accidentally hit the "Shuffle" button in the middle of War and Peace?).    This one is excellent.  I signed up for Audible, and downloaded a couple of books.  The cool thing is that if you start to listen to one track, and then flip to a different one, it remembers where you were on the first track -- very cool.  I was able to listen to my Wodehouse book, and pass it on to my bored 8-old to listen to an interview with Lemony Snicket, then flip back and pick up my book right where I was.  It's very small, and the nice holster clips easily onto my jeans pocket.  With 512MB, it has plenty of space -- I've already put about 9 hours worth of material on it, and barely made a dent in the available space.  The only complaint I have is that while it has a place to slip on a lanyard, it does not come with one.  A fairly minor complaint.  All in all -- a great player.  

+ The H340 is the newest 40 gigabyte digital music player from iRiver, long a leader in MP3 type players. The unit is well built and does what it's supposed to do. It has very high sound quality and is fairly easy to use once you get over the initial short learning curve. Besides playing music files the system also allows you to store digital pictures and ebooks. The color display seems to be of good quality. File management is easy as the H340 hooks into your computer with a standard USB cable and allows you to create, move, and rename folders just like you would do on your internal hard drive. Moving music files is just a matter of dragging them into the folders. Setting up a play list is a snap using www.winamp.com which iRiver recommends.       The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is that there are a few areas for improvement. The first is that the supplied ear buds are just average. I replaced them with Sennheiser PX100 headphones (approx $40) which I have found to be some of the best sounding headphones on the market for portable music players. Another issue is the supplied case. Although it is of good quality you have to unsnap and remove the H340 from the case every time you want to access the controls. Hopefully iRiver or someone will come up with a case with a front access flap that fastens with velcro or something. Also the manual really isn't very good but it isn't too hard to figure the player out. Another issue I have is that it takes about 2 minutes for the H340 to load the 12 gigabytes of music that I have on it but once I got used to that it's not really a bother.      As far as a few other things, right now you can't look at pictures and listen to music at the same time although the unit's firmware is upgradeable so hopefully iRiver will add that in the future. Another issue is that the version of the H340 that has been on sale in Europe for several months allows you to download pictures directly from a digital camera into the H340 but the newer USA version requires that you download your pictures to a computer and then to the H340. I'm not sure why this is unless iRiver had some problems with the direct connect.      Overall this is a good unit somewhat ahead of the Apple IPod (At least as of today, things change quickly). If you are looking for a good portable digital player I would recommend the iRiver H340 or the H320 which is the same unit in a 20GB version for about $100 less.         

+ My wife has an iPod which she takes with her everywhere.  I used it several times, and I liked it for what it was: a dedicated mp3 player.  However, when the time came for me to get one, I decided to go with the iRiver H340.  I bought it about 1 week ago, and have been tinkering with and using it from morning to night ever since.  Here's my take on it.  Warning:  If you buy an iRiver H340, prepare to don your geek beanie.  Here's why:  1.  Button commands need to be memorized.  It took me all of 20-30 mins to go through the manual and figure things out.  There's a directional pad and 5 buttons, but the buttons have multiple functions depending upon whether you push them quickly, hold them down for a while, where in the menu tree you are, etc.  I personally found the learning curve relatively easy, but this is no iPod (which practically anyone can use right out of the box).  As for me, a 20-30 minute up front time investment is no big deal, and I like having the extra controls (e.g., almost 10 different shuffle and repeat commands).  2.  The user interface is NOT elegant (for elegance, see "iPod").  There's a bit of a half-finished, work-in-progress feel to the H340.  For instance, you can't view pictures while listening to music.  It's strictly either-or.  The music search function is in no way as easy to use as iPod's, either.  There's a default file tree, which is essentially Windows explorer function.  You literally search through folders and filenames (e.g., "beethovens5th.mp3") to get to songs.  I still haven't been able to get the artist/album/genre/song search functions to work, so I can't comment.  3.  Weight/size.  The H340 is about the same length and width as an iPod, but it's perhaps twice as thick and somewhat heavier too.  Not that we got the bad stuff out of the way, and scared off the iPodders, let's get to the stuff I like.  1.  Fantastic array of functions.  The voice recorder uses the external mic built into the H340 to give you stunning recordings.  There's more recording options and settings than you can shake a stick it (although I have seen some reviewers rue the lack of some advanced functions - but it's not like I'd know what they were in the first place).  The Photo Viewer is crude but handy.  There are some file size restrictions you have to observe.  Also, unless the pictures fall into a narrow range of dimensions, the picture will not fill up more than 50-60% off the LCD screen.  It almost makes you wish for a zoom function.  Still, I like it just fine (again, not iPod level, but good enough).  And the LCD screen is gorgeous, with high resolution, contrast and brightness.  It's perfectly readable in daylight.  The Text Viewer is nice, but is limited only to .txt files.  I don't plan on using it a lot, but it's nice to have.  I'm sure iRiver will come out with additional functions in future firmware releases.  The Browser function allows you to use the H340 as a storage drive.    2.  Plug 'n Play.  You just plug'n'play this puppy into any computer.  No CDs or drivers to mess with.  It goes right into the USB port of any computer and Windows will automatically recognize it.  BIG PLUS in my book.  And loading music into the unit is as simple as copying and pasting or dragging 'n dropping files from the computer right into the unit.  The H340 just appears as another drive on your desktop, folks.  This was critical to me, because I plan to use the H340 as much more than a mere mp3 player; i.e., I'm a lawyer, so I will be using this to record witness oral statements, take digital pictures and plug my Nikon camera right into the H340 to download the pics and view them (USB on the go rules!).  Note, you have to install and use 3d party software in order to extract music files from the iPod.  3.  Great hardware.  Fantastic sound (beats the iPod by a MILE, came with Sennheiser earbuds too!).  The LCD screen is gorgeous, as I mentioned above.  The hard drive storage is more than most people will ever need, whether 20 or 40 gigabytes.  The hard drive runs nice and quiet too.  The battery life isn't the 16 hours advertised, I've been getting around 9-10, but I figure the battery just needs to be broken in.  It still beats the iPod by a mile.  Ok, I gotta go, but I hope this helps people.  If I have time, maybe I'll come back and expand on this review.  IN SHORT, I love this unit.  It's perfect for me and does everything I need.  People who are just looking for an mp3 player only should consider iPod.  If you want power, awesome sound quality, battery life, large array of functions, and are willing to put up with some minor inconveniences, then get this.  

+ I've purchased my HD-340 last week, having upgraded from my RioRiot (20Gig).  It does everything it claims to do and quite well.  The sound output is sufficient to drown out any other noise and the all the equalizer settings from SRS Labs really fills the sound quite nicely.  The screen display is bright, even in daylight and displays JPEG images from my 4 MegaPixel camera without conversions.  However, you might want to CAREFULLY read the specs and the manual:  1) there are two USB ports, one for Media and another for Data.  The Media port is USB 1.1 and the Data port is USB 2.0.  This is important because if you use a software plugin that recognizes the iRiver as a media device, you only get USB 1.1 (using the media port).  However, if you plug in the data port, the device shows up as a driver letter in Windows with USB 2.0 speed.  Use normal file copying to get your music over, or else you'll be spending days.  Don't worry, if you install the software, you get a program which runs each time you connect into the data port, which (re)builds the ID3 database on the device.  2) It would be nice if there was an option to display the Album Art in a MP3 file in the glorious display.  Hopefully a firmware update?  3) Browsing and selecting files to play can take more time than necessary.  It would be great if you could select by first letter and get to a subset.  If your artist name starts with an "L", expect to scroll through half the list, either way you go.  Hopefully another firmware update????  4) Accessories are not yet available (Nov 26, 2004) except for a better case, which also shows the screen.    5) The included case is extremely sturdy and protective, but only allows access to the "top" connections, the "lock" button on the side and the microphone on the other side.  You have to remove the device from the case if you want to change anything (although this should be understood, since the controls are in the center), but a clear plastic window could provide access to these buttons.  Although it sounds like I don't like it, that is far from the truth.  A better case and a small firmware patch would make it perfect.  The FM tuner and the ability to record via line-in, mic and tuner, the display, and the fact that the controls are flush with the unit and less likely to get damaged make this far better than any other harddrive based player out there.   

+ First I'd like to say I'm more than impressed by iRiver's latest HD based music player.  I researched several products to find which had the most to offer.  I wound up purchasing the H340 and have had it for about a month now.  Here's what I found vs the iPod (I'm using this as a benchmark product since everyone asks "is it better than an iPod?")   The H340 has the following features: The H340 supports MPEG 1/2/2.5 Layer 3, OGG, WMA, ASF 8Kbps ~ 320 Kbps (OGG: 32Kbps ~ 500Kbps) ID3 V1, ID3 V2 2.0, ID3 V2 3.0 The iPod does not support OGG and some of the new ID formats.  The H340 has a built in multi-region FM tuner with presets (with autoscan), the iPod does not.  The H340 is firmware upgradeable which is very important.  If a new format for music comes out or they want to tweak something upgrading the firmware is a cheaper alternative than buying a new device.  If you search around the internet, there is a firmware upgrade that will let you play video**.  Yes real video.  **However, upgrading to a non-US version may void your warranty.  I've tried it myself and it works for me. The iPod does not play video, yes that includes the new iPod Photo.  There is a hack out there for the iPod where video is crudely played using a 1 picture per second playback but that is not true video!  The H340 functions as a portable hard drive the iPod does not. (That is without the help of additional software the Ipod cannot store files directly like the H340)  You can store not only music, photo and video files on the H340 but you can keep your documents and any other files on there as well!  And unlike the iPod you do not need software to plug the device into another computer.  Plug it into a USB2 port and it will show up as another hard drive!    It has a really high quality voice recorder with built in mic the iPod does not.  Also, you can record radio, voice or anything from the line directly to a MP3 files using only the H340, no software or PC needed!  The screen sizes on the iPod Photo and H340 have the size, 2inch color.  However, the H340 supports 260k colors vs. IPod Photo's 65.5k colors. The screen on the H340 can be so bright and clear I sometimes need to turn it down to the lowest brightness setting!  As for sound quality, absolutely incredible! The H340 comes with SRS WOW 3D sound technology built in.  It also has equalizer presets to chose from or create your own settings.   The unit can be charged in 3 to 4 hrs via USB or the power adapter and battery life is 16 hrs!  The iPod Photo takes 4 to 5 hours to charge   The Cons... The iPod is thinner and a tad lighter, but it's like comparing a pack of cigarettes to a pack of playing cards (iPod).  I don't mind the H340 being a little thicker.    The iPod has the brand awareness, so if you're looking for the instant recognition factor, iRiver is not yet there.  Form (iPod) vs. Function (H340)!  The slideshow feature on the iPod Photo is better as it shows more thumbnails of photos, but keep in mind this may be fixed on the iRiver via firmware if iRiver chooses to do so.   In summary, the H340 offers FM playback, firmware upgrades, picture playback, video playback** (See note above as it does not ship with this functionality!), voice recorder, MP3 encoder for recording directly to it, color screen capable of 260k colors, incredible sound fidelity, is a portable hard drive with no software needed to use, awesome battery stamina and costs less than the iPod 40gb Photo version.  As with anything, do your own search and see if my opinion matches your own.   

+ I am not adding anything to the great reviews of this product. I like all its features. However, the amazon review is incorrect describing the size of this puppy. The h340 is bigger than the h320, but the amazon description is the same! The h340 is like 0.2 inches thicker than the h320. No it's not a great difference, but somewhat makes the h340 bulkier than the h320. I own the h320 and I got the h340 from amazon, expecting a similar size and found the increased size a bit dissapointing. Anyway, a great product.  

+ I am writing this review as I listen to U2 - Hasta La Vista Baby album on my iRiver H320...the sound is amazing.  I have owned an eDigital Treo 15, then upgraded to a Creative Labs Zen Jukebox 20 w/FM Tuner.  When I decided to upgrade, I took over 4 months researching for my next generation 1GB+ mp3 player purchase.  What I was looking for was something that had storage space, on-board FM Tuner, recording capabilities and most importantly great sound.  I considered Rio Karma, Creative Muvo2 w/hack 2GB CF card, iPod Mini, iPod, iPod Photo and a slew of other mp3 players available outside of the USA.  I know some of my considerations didn't have all of the above, but I would have sacrificed space for sound, functionality for looks...etc.  But just in the last few weeks, I came across this website www.misticriver.net .  It is _THE_ user forum for iRiver products. I considered their mp3 flash devices, but not their hard drive based device, until I read their thread on how the H320/H340 can play video if you flash the bios with the European or the Korean or the Japanese bios upgrade.  My jaw dropped!  And it is still dropped...and I'm still drooling.  You have to understand....I'm a closet geek.  I like my electronic toys, I do my research and I recommend the heck out of products that impress me.  I am going to do this now.  First things first...go to the webpage above and read it for yourself.  The H320/H340 plays converted video files.  That's right!!! Convert your DVD's to AVI files; transfer then to your H320/340 and boom....play your videos on your MP3 player.  The website tells you exactly how to do it.  I addition to DVD's, I've converted several hour episodes of Stargate shows and have watched them on my H320.  I've got a whole slew of them queued up for my 4 hour flight to LA.  So with that amazing ability out of the way, I'll briefly review the H320/H340 for you.  Out of the neat package comes a shiny black brick with a big 2" COLOR screen.  It comes with earbud headphones, protective ballistic nylon case, AC power supply, USB2.0 cable, audio cord (line-out) and cd-rom and nice instruction book.  IT DOES NOT COME with a docking station, LCD remote or the external battery pack...all of which you can buy from the iriver store.  Charged the unit for 2.5 hours and plugged the USB2.0 cord into the slot labelled `data', it connected at USB2.0 speeds (the one labeled media is USB1.1 and is intended for connectivity with Windows Media Player).  I first upgraded the BIOS to something that is NON-US.  After  reboot, the new bios took immediately.  I lost the functionality of a clock on the H320, but that's ok...I have a watch.  I lost the ability to manage my music with Windows Media Player....that is ok..I prefer to arrange my own music with other programs.  But I did gain the ability to play videos and the USB1.1 port turned into a USB on the GO, which you can connect to other USB ported devices (like digital cameras) and transfer files from those devices-I haven't used USB2Go yet, but it does look promising.  I quickly scanned over the Owner's Manual, turned on the H320.  I connected as anoher hard drive device WITHOUT having to install any additional drivers. I proceeded to load MJ's Number Ones as my test music, since he has a variety of sounds to test the H320.  Speed was fast.  Unplugged the H320 from my computer and plugged in my Sony MDR-EX51LP (sound isolation ear buds for $40).  Hit the ON button...then hit NAV to navigate to the mp3's I downloaded...and was amazed at what the stock sound from the H320 sounded like.  WOW.  So I tweaked the sound a bit..increased the base..it has SRS(WOW) settings, so you can tweak the low-mid-high ends of the music as well as increase the thump.  Very cool.  Even at the default level 20 (30 is the highest), it was pretty loud.  Very very impressed.  So then I loaded a `converted' episode of Stargate Atlantis and started to watch it; very very smooth video display as well as great sound.  Anything can be converted to AVI for this player as long as you have CODECs for conversion.  And then I loaded some of my pictures onto my H320, they weren't formatted for the h320 display so they weren't awesome, but good enough to show off!  But when I reformatted my pictures for the H320 the pictures turned out awesome on the 2" display.  Again the visual display is beautiful.  ID3 tags (or not) show up nicely as well as volume strength display for both ears (a mini spectrum analyzer?)  So navigating the device Set-up menu, you can set the FM-Tuner regions, LCD contrast,  LCD brightness, LCD power off, ways of ID3 tag scrolling, sleep-stop-standby power down times, types of shuffle, repeats, random, set the study mode that allows you to fast forward through songs and videos and much much more!  The battery time has been tested..if you play mp3's only with SRS off and very minimal LCD use, you can go to 15 hours.  The average seems to be 9 hours, I've had mine on all night plugged into my home receiver through the line out port and playing.  The rechargeable lithium-ion battery is replacable, take out a few screws and you are set.  There is a HOLD button.  Also it charges off of USB cable to your pc/laptop.  There is a small learning curve to the buttons, and I must say its not as smooth as the touch pad of the iPods, but I prefer to have some tactile feedback when I hit the buttons.  So, now I don't have to buy a media player for the plane, nor do I have to drag out my laptop to play dvd's..just convert them at home (which takes a bit of time..but lots of support online on how to do it right) and load them on my player before a plane ride.  The H320 is bigger than the regular iPod but smaller than the iPod Picture.  It fits nicely in the palm of my hand, doesn't feel flimsy at all.  I haven't tried to record voice yet, but people say its pretty crisp and the default mic pics up everything.  In addition, you can record from FM Tuner as well as record from Line In (mic or other audio devices).  The FM tuner (with autoscan and store of stations) picked up 20 FM channels, my stock car stereo only picked up 14 channels.  It can also read text files.  I'm not sure where iRiver is going with that...could be interesting.  So, the NEGATIVES (more like annoying to me) things about the H320/340.  1) I must be a greasy guy, because I'm cleaning the finger prints from it a bit 2) coverting the videos to AVI can get time consuming at first, but once you get it right, its set-it-and-forget-it 3) I bought a 20GB one 4) the US VERSION doesn't play videos UNLESS you flash the bios to another region BIOS-Korea is the best here 5) it didn't come with a power/USB docking station, but you can get one for $30 6) the case/holder only protects.  That's about it...just annoying things to me that can be quickly resolved with $$ or reading around on the internet.  If you are already reading this far, you are doing your research and doing a little bit more reading at http://www.misticriver.net will give you all the information you would ever need to make an informed decision.  I don't hate iPod at all, I'm a bit jealous for the styling, but now after XMAS 2004, everyone will have one; but not everyone will have a iRiver H320/340 THAT PLAYS VIDEOS!!!!!!!  I would recommend you go to your local Best Buy and get a feel for it.  The sales people at BestBuy will tell you to by iPod.  They won't tell you anything about the iRiver and how you can flash the bios and play videos on it, and all of this for $300 for H320 and about $400 for the H340.  I'm sorry this has been a long post, but I just can't stop talking about this thing.  

+ I purchased the H340 last week.  Every piece of literature I read said the H340 plays WAV files.  Even the box it came in says it plays WAV files.  It doesn't!!!!  I'm an audiofile and store my CD collection on my PC in WAV format.  I was hoping I could simply copy these files to the H340.  Since it doesn't play WAV files (yet anyway, maybe a future firmware upgrade will add this functionality), I've spent hours ripping my CDs to MP3 files at 256 kbps.  Amazon.com offered to let me return the unit since the literature was misleading.  I've not yet decided though.  I do like that it includes a FM tuner, picture viewer, and color display, all for less than the price of a 40 GB iPod.  

- Despite the praise given to the iRiver, a prime reason to buy this device, is to show it to other designers as to what not to do when designing.  Before describing why it is bad, here is a quick run down of what it offers. It has lots of features. Beyond playing mp3 and wav files, it has an FM tuner, recording device, picture viewer, file storage, lines in, lines out, and even a carrying case.   It can also  be found for a comparitively reasonable price.  So why is it annoying to use. Well first, the buttons are small and close together. When the volume was to high once I went to lower it but manged to hit the nav button. I then was in navigation hell and couldn&#8217;t get out resulting in my ears being blasted into deafness. As for the Nav button, its not even the only Nav button. In fact sometimes, you have to hit the left arrow button or even worse, the record button. Of course, if you do not hold the record button long enough to get to the correct nav screen, that&#8217;s right you start recording when you don&#8217;t want  to.  When listening to the radio, it is not even easy to change between preset and non-preset channels. Therefore you may not get to the channel you want.  Of course, one might just buy it for listening to music. Frankly, when buying a digital music device I want an interface that&#8217;s a little bit more than a standard file tree. It has metadata such as artists and albums, it should not be hard to get to them and have all their songs play. With the iRiver your stuck to navigate through sometimes lengthy file trees.  In a nutshell, if you need lots of features, this may work for you. You will, however, have to deal with an incredibly user unfriendly device.  

+ I HAVE READ ALOT OF THE REVIEWS ON THE IRIVER, AND I CAN ONLY SURMISE THAT : SOME OF THESE PEOPLE DO NOT OWN THE IRIVER PLAYER, OR THEY WORK FOR IPOD. SOMEBODY SAID THAT THE SOUND WAS MUFFLED. WELL THEY MUST WORK FOR IPOD. ALL DIGITAL SOUND IS CLEAN. IT'S THE BIT RATE THAT PLAYS A LARGE PART IN THE QUALITY OF THE SOUND, AND THE SPEAKERS YOU HEAR IT THRU.  IRIVER HAS TERRIBLE EARPHONES. I USE THE SONY MDR SERIES AND THE SOUND IS VERY CRISP. AFTER ALL WHAT YOU HEAR IS THE SPEAKERS, NOT THE MP3 PLAYER. SOME PEOPLE HAVE SAID THAT IRIVER OVERSTATED THE BATTERY LIFE. IN THE MANUAL IT SAY'S THAT 16 HOURS OF BATTERY LIFE IS EXPECTED AT 128 BIT RATE. MOST OF MY MUSIC IS BETWEEN 192 AND 600 BIT RATE. DO I GET 16 HOURS OF BATTERY LIFE? I DON'T KNOW, AS I CHARGE IT WHEN I'VE USED HALF OF THE LIFE. FOR ME THAT'S ABOUT 5 HOURS OF USEAGE.  DON'T LET BIG INDUSTRY (IPOD) CONVINCE YOU THAT THEY MAKE A BETTER MOUSETRAP, THAT'S JUST HYPE.       

+ I did a lot of research on MP3 players before settling on the H340 and I am very happy with my decision. I decided against going with an iPod because of the built in restrictions on sharing between computers and the way it adds some encoding to all the mp3 files so that it cannot function effectively as a backup of your music. None of this nonsense with the iRiver H340, just plug it in to any computer's USB port and it shows up like a hard drive, no software required (except for Win 95/98 which requires a driver, and I can't speak for the Mac end of things). This is super convienient and the way that all MP3 players should work in an ideal world. I also strongly considered the Creative NX Xtra since it is available in a 60GB drive and I have a ton of music files but the reports of poor reliability and faulty headphone jack made me steer clear of that one.  The H340 feels very solid and sturdy and I find it quite intuitive and easy to use. To me the sound quality seems good with the supplied ear phones and I have not found the need to change them. It has some nice bells and whistles like built in radio and a recorder (and yes you can record from the radio).  So now on to the reasons why I give it 4 instead of 5 stars. It's called a jukebox right? What's a juke box? All the jukeboxes I know are music playing machines where you can select and line up the songs you want to hear and all the songs selected will play in the order you selected them in. But that's not the way this little machine works. You can only line up one song to play while another is playing. You can not line up a series of songs to play without hooking it up to your computer and creating a playlist. For me that is the number 1 negative with this player. However the firmware is upgradable and there is some glimmer of hope that my player may be able to have this very impotant missing feature added some time in the future. The other negatives are just minor gripes. The way it recharges from USB is badly implemented, when recharging it cannot connect as a drive and vice versa. If you plug your unit into the USB by default it will start charging and you can not do anything with the player. In order to connect to your computer you must  disconnect it, power it up, and change the USB charging option to turn it off. So it is best just leave USB charging turned off alltogether.  I have taken up much of this review with negatives but I must stress that I am very happy with my purchase and I think the H340 is a wonderfull little device which could use a firmware upgrade to make it damn near perfect. Highly recommended.  

+ Trust me, I was the LAST person to buy an iPod. I was perfectly happy with my iRiver H140 (which I still love), and was sick to death of seeing those white headphones everywhere! But then I decided to get a tinier player for my walks to class and such. I tried out different smaller players and they all had some type of defect. An iPod Shuffle wasn't an option as the thing doesn't even have a screen. When these second-generation minis came out, I was blown away by the specs: supposedly 18 hours of battery life, price cut down fifty dollars, etc. So I went ahead and bought the blue version and yet to have any regrets. My review:  PROS:  // I did a battery test on this the afternoon I bought it. It wasn't even charged to full capacity, and on top of that, I played with it a lot, and it still ran continuously for about 23 hours. Amazing. One of the reasons I was hesitant about getting a first-generation mini was its battery life (about eight hours, I believe). Apple has definitely improved on this feature.  // iTunes, the software that you use to put music on your iPod, is great. You can make it automatically sync to your iPod or manually update. I choose the latter option as I have more music on my computer than will fit on a 4GB player. I thought having to use software would be annoying in comparison to hooking a player up like a regular hard drive and using the file tree method, but iTunes is simple and gets the job done. There are other programs you can use to manage your iPod, like MusicMatch, but iTunes seems to be the least clunky to me. Also, you DO NOT have to buy from the iTunes music store to work your iPod. You can even hide this option on the sidebar if you wish and make iTunes solely a music manager.  // So tiny! I have to admit that when I opened the box, I exclaimed, "It's SO cute!" It's basically the size of a credit card. A little slimmer, a little longer, but you get the idea. Even the package it comes in is very compact!  // Sound quality is absolutely superb. You'll listen to songs that you've heard on your computer or other MP3 player or whatever and hear nuances that you haven't heard before. Like I said, I have an iRiver, and while that has amazing quality too, you'll be surprised how crisp this little device sounds.  // Plenty of features. Notes, contacts, games (Music Quiz, Solitaire, Brick and Parachute), clock, alarm... I have yet to use any of these extras but I guess it's nice to know that they're there in case you do. I think more efficient features would be voice recording, FM tuner, etc.  // Scratch-resistant. All of my friends' iPods are scratched up like you wouldn't believe. The mini has a lot more resistance to scratches as it has an anodized aluminum case.  // Inuitive design. Everyone knows about the click wheel. I've handled lots of different players and Apple really wins in this area. The controls are underneath the wheel, so you don't have to worry about buttons bulging out on the exterior.  // Colors-- this is a pretty trivial point, but I was initially disappointed when these "new" colors came out. I thought the earlier model pastels were much prettier. However, now that I actually have one (photos don't do justice), I think my blue one has a gorgeous, rich hue, and I imagine this is the same for the green and pink. No complaints in the aesthetics department from my end.  CONS:  // No support for WMAs. iTunes will import these as their own format, which might result in a sound degradation. I had to rip a bunch of my CDs as MP3s just to retain original audio quality.  // Apple really skimped out on the accessories. I'm used to getting a bunch of add-ons with my player for free, like a case and adapter. The mini includes a clip-on holder, headphones, and your charging cord, but that's pretty much it. HOWEVER, to Apple's credit, you can charge your iPod without an adapter (right from USB, or Firewire). Plus, to get these 4GB models down cheaper than they were before, it makes sense that they cut out the superfluous items.  // This will be a minor issue for most people, but when you're in your menus (like listings under Songs or Albums or wherever), the titles don't scroll. So if you have a lot of songs that start with the same string of words, you're going to have try them all to see which one you're looking for. On the actual now-playing screen, they DO scroll, it's just that in the menus they don't. Like I said, this won't affect most people, but it did kind of annoy me when I first saw it as all other players I've worked with scroll titles in menus.  SOME THINGS TO KNOW:  // The iPod never actually shuts off. I know that when I first got this, I was like, "Where's the stop button?!" You can put it to sleep by holding the play/pause button down for a few seconds, but it will never actually be turned off. This is a smart move made by Apple because if you were to continually shut off and restart everytime you wanted to use it, not only would it take a long time to boot up, but it would wear down its interior.  // iPod doesn't give you a straightforward way to copy your music back onto your computer after putting it on, but there's a way to do so without using external programs if it's enabled to disk usage. 1) Click on the iPod icon in My Computer. 3) Click Tools > Folder Options > View > Show Hidden Files and Folders. 3) A folder called "iPod Control" should appear. Navigate into that folder and all your music should be in several different folders within. If you don't want to do it this way, there are also third-party programs like CopyPod.  // For iPod support, Google "iPodLounge." Their forums are really helpful, too.  // Ordering from Amazon is probably your best bet. I ordered this on March 17 and received it the very next day on March 18. That was with Super Saver Shipping deal where it's actually supposed to take up to two weeks to get to you! This could just be in my lucky case, but even so, you can also always return your iPod if something is wrong with it with zero hassle and for free. Like with those other players that gave me issues? Amazon sent a UPS guy to my house to pick it up, returned it, and I got ALL of my money back. Just my two cents on that.  ---  Overall, a great player. Besides a few flaws, Apple has found a new iPod-lover in me which I thought NEVER would happen! Sorry for the length of this review but I hope it helped potential buyers. Happy iPodding. :)  

+ Cheers to Amazon! I bought this IPod as a gift for my fiancs burf-day, so I haven't even taken it out of the box yet, but I had to write a quick note singing their praises. Amazon's logistics and delivery network is unbelievable.  I opted for the free shipping offer (Super Saver Discount), which Amazon claims will ship in two to three days.  I placed the order around 2:00 PM CST, yesterday (3/21/05), only to have it show-up on my desk at work at 10:30 AM CST, today (3/22/05). That's a total of 20.5 hours for Super Saver Delivery.  I will say that my home in St. Louis, MO isn't extremely far from Amazon's distribution center in Lexington, KY, where this package was shipped from - about 350 miles.  But still, I've ordered pizza's that have taken longer to get here.  Way to go Amazon!  

+ I got the product within the day the email was sent that it had been shipped and in perfect condition.  

+ I love the ipod mini it holds so much music and is so small. Also the 18 hour battery life is great. This is perfect for holding my hip hop music collection. If you dont have alot of music I would also recomend the ipod shuffle. But my ipod mini has been great so far. Go Ipods!  

+ I've owned a number of other MP3 players and have made a concerted effort to avoid "iPod madness."  But with the recent price drop and upgrade of the battery life, I decided to take the plunge.  I bought mine through the Apple store and got free engraving as well as free shipping.  All-in-all, I LOVE my new 4gb iPod mini.  I also like that I can import my MusicMatch Jukebox playlists into iTunes rather easily.  There are really, in my opinion, only a few negatives:  ~ Dock is no longer included.  However, the included USB cable works fine IF you have a powered USB port on your PC. ~ The included ear-buds are AWFUL!  Fortunately I had several pairs of good headphones floating around, so that was not a big issue for me.  I would recommend picking up the USB power adapter and the Insten iPod Sync & Charging cradle.  I would also recommend checking out the iLounge web site for lots of good information on the care and feeding of your iPod.  Oh!  One other negative is that these things ARE addictive. And I'm kinda thinkin' now that should have gone for the 20gb version.  

+ Let's face it, you can't get something for nothing!  The San Francisco Chronicle recently exposed the real story behind the so-called "offers" that are continually being posted here.  Do a search on Google or on sfgate.com for "iPod not really free David Lazarus" and you will see what the con artists running these programs are really up to.  In a nutshell, it's just another way for spammers and other sleazy people to steal your personal information.  

- So I received my Ipod Mini last week (good job Amazon for the free shipping....which arrived very promptly) and I had a lot of trouble with iTunes. I had a 256 mb mp3 player before I bought my iPod and transferring music to that one was so much easier. With iTunes, you have to make sure every song you want on your iPod is in the library. Thus if you add songs from a different computer, the songs that are not in this new library will be deleted! I guess this protects illegal music sharing, but for something this expensive this is a very inconvenient feature. Basically I think iTunes is an inferior program for transferring music; on my old mp3 player you could just drag and drop music files into the player.  Most importantly, the battery life of my iPod is absolutely disappointing. I've had to charge it every 2 days since the day I received it, and it's not like I keep it on all the time. I just use it when I walk to class, and in a span of 2 days it is actually on for about no more than 6 hours. I don't even have the backlight setting on at all. I am extremely upset with this because the 18 hour battery life is what initially hooked me into buying this second generation version.  Apple is lucky the iPod has such a good interface. The scroll wheel I must admit is a very intelligent tool and the ability to make playlists is something flash drive based mp3 players can't do. For 190 dollars I got a second generation iPod that has EXTREMELY poor battery life and that's why I am so upset with this. If anyone else has had problems with their battery, please share. It's better to know I'm not the only one who got gypped!  

+ I love my iPod and iTunes, and simply can not see why people dislike iTunes.  A previous reviewer said that they couldn't transfer songs from another computer.  BULL.  Just right click on the iPod, and change it to manual synchronization.  Even if you don't like iTunes, there are many other applications, such as iPod Agent, that can transfer music (and more) to your iPod that are available online for free.  Especially with the new price, IPODS ROCK!  

+ I have a tremendous amount of music - too much for an iPod of any current size - and so I knew that I would be moving music on and off of the device no matter what.  I chose the smallest iPod Mini because of its good price and physical dimensions (it's a lot smaller than most people think), and have been very, very happy with my purchase.  I am something of an audiophile, and yet have been very pleased with the Mini's impressive sound quality, its ease of use, the incredible battery life (18 hours is not much of an exageration) and the flexibility that the Mini provides me.  To be only slightly critical (and not to discourage anyone from enjoying an awesome device), I am not especially fond of Apple's ear-buds (and a bit uncomfortable, too), but they were easily replaced for even better sound.  Also, I do wish that I could turn off the "auto-pause" feature (the unit pauses automatically when the earphones are removed, but is so sensitive as to occasionally pause when the plug is inadvertently rotated).  These are minor criticisms, and I hope that everyone gets an iPod!  

+ This is my first Ipod and I love it.  The functionality is excellent and I've found that it lives up to nearly all of the positive notes that others here and elsewhere have written.  However, I have two complaints: One that would not have changed my purchase decision, and another that would have made me buy an accessory earlier.  First, the battery life is nowhere near 18 hours.  I do not use the backlight, nor do I play it very loud.  Perhaps the best I have done with battery life is 7-10 hours.  I was so surprised at first that I thought I had accidentally purchased the fist generation Mini.  I confirmed that I had the second one. But again, I would still purchase this, regardless.  Second, get a case or some other protective cover!  I dropped mine twice outside.  Both times were from only a foot or two but were on pavement or asphalt.  The Ipod worked flawlessly without any problems at all. But, drops that may have only slightly scratched a plastic case resulted in several small but very noticeable dings and even an actual dent on the corner.  The metal used for these cases must be pretty soft or pretty cheap! If you want to keep your Mini looking clean and new over time, and you occasionally have two left hands, you will definitely want to get some type of case or cover for it.  8/31/05:   After using the iPod for months, I realized that it missed a great feature I had on my old Rio 500: the ability to bookmark!  I listen to audio books a little more than I listen to music.  Though I understand there is an ability to bookmark Audible books and that there are various hacks and tricks out there, there is NO way to easily bookmark an audio book that you may have imported from CD or elsewhere.  I cannot change my original rating, but: For music, I would keep it at 4 stars.  For Audio books, the iPod deserves 1 star!  If you listen primarily to audio books, look elsewhere for a player that allows you to easily bookmark your spot.  12/22/05:  Battery life stinks!  I use this mostly for audio books and podcasts, and the best I can get is 2-3 hours before the battery dies.  Apple support is the worst!  I sent it back to them for repair: they received it on a Thursday or Friday, and sent it back on a Monday, stating that it was up to their standards.  If I was not now "captive" by having converted many CDs to Apple format, I would dump the Ipod altogether.  

+ Besides the owners manual, and the few problems you might encouter, the mini is great. Despite what other reviewers have said, I have had my mini for about two years, and the battery still seams perfect(I've never done a full battery life check) As for finding out how to upload, download, and use the mini at first,it's a little more tuff. I STILL LOVE THE MINI.  

+ ive had many ipods like the ipod video and shuffle but they all are no compiticion compared to this it is amazingly duribly i fell on a rail snowboarding and it didint do anything only one downer its pretty hard to find but other then that its perfect!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  

+ If you ar reading this, then perhaps this is would be your first IPOD you've ever purchased.  Because, there is nothing different about this Ipod than the others.  it's a very nice MP3 Player.  All of the Ipods are.  If 4GB is enough space for you, then this is a great device to play your music.  

- I had to replace it because it crashed on me and I only had it for about 5 months.  

- I had my ipod mini for about 1 year before it crashed and I had to get it fixed for 50 dollars. Not a big deal. But then a few months later it crashed again and this time I decided that it would be better to get a ipod nano instead of paying 50 dollars every month it crashes. I never dropped it and I never got water on it but it still broke.  

- bought 3 years ago.  battery always sucked but entire thing died today (despite trying all the "trouble-shooting" tips  Apple offers on website).  very  disappointing considering i paid $300 bucks for 3 years ago.  AVOID simply for the miserably short battery life alone.  almost missing my old walkman.   

+ It is a great gadget to have for the summer. I love the size of it. I am glad I purchased it. I enjoy having it at my gradma's house this summer. She does not have to listen to loud music since I have my Ipod.:)  

- I paid $250 for this i pod. After about 6 months the battery went dead slowly and even stopped charging altogether. I could only use it if it were hooked up to a charger. I replaced the battery myself(it CAN be done, people) and it worked fine for about a month before it started freezing up. Now my computer doesn't recognize it anymore and the clickwheel doesn't work. I never once dropped it or got water in it. I ended up giving it to my friend who collects broken i pods for parts and believe me, he's got A LOT of them. These items aren't worth nearly what they cost. They break often they're expensive to fix. Why Apple gets away the obvious contempt they have for their customers by selling them over-priced faulty equipment is beyond me.   

+ really great mp3 player, and this mp3 player makes u look cool i dont know why :p  

+ This little player is just what we wanted. It recharges at the computer, so I am not buying batteries everyday. The download software is user friendly and my kids figured it out on their own. We are very satisfied with our Zen player and thinking of getting another.  

- Deceptive  I bought this MP3 player because the Creative Web site promised "Easy Transfer -- Simple drag and drop your data files between ZEN V and your computer.  No complicated or messy driver installations necessary."  However this does not seem to be the case.  I love Creative's MP3 Muvo player.  No software needed to load that player up with MP3s.  The Muvo shows up as a USB mass storage drive, so one just has to drag and drop his MP3s and data to the Muvo, using nothing more than Windows Explorer -- just like any other thumbdrive.  I researched the Zen V first on Creative's site, and the language implies that loading the Zen V was as simple as loading the Muvo or any thumbdrive.  However, one apparently does need software to load the Creative Zen V.  Moreover, apparently one also needs an Internet connection to install the software.  Why do I need to go to the Internet when all I want to do is load this MP3 player with my music and images?  I tried to install the software, but it wouldn't install after I told Zone Alarm not to allow the  install software to go to the Internet.    There is no language on the outside of the box that says you need to install software to use the player, or that you need an Internet connection.    I attached the unit to my computer via the USB connection to see if it would show up as a USB mass storage device, and it did not.  The "Play for Sure" icon on the back was sticker out; apparently Creative had second thoughts after they put out the product, and decided not to support that function.  Moreover, the player will not work in Windows 2000 (though it does say you need Windows XP on the box).  I also suspect that the Creative software might be phoning home, and telling the mothership what you are listening to. I see no other urgent need to go to the Internet, unless I make that decision myself.  In short, the packaging and the product is deceptive. Which is really too bad because I love the Muvo, and was eyeing the larger Zen Vision: M model.  Now I'm going to have to reconsider the Archos solutions.  

+ I have had my Zen V about a month and so far I love it. I have downloaded books from netlibrary without a hitch. Copying books from CD's and then transferring has been more of a challenge due to each track needing to be edited manually. It bookmarks great and does remember where you left off after shutdown as long as it isn't on pause. Not sure why that is but I learned that fairly quickly. I am still learning all the extra features, but I recommend it if you want to do audiobooks.  

+ I would highly recommend this player as an alternative to an Ipod.  It's much cheaper, is easy to use, and is small. I wasn't looking for an mp3 player to do my dishes, laundry, and cook for me like many of you who post reviews on this product seem to want.  This player holds hundreds of songs(who needs more on at a time?), and plays a high quality sound.  

- I returned this item right after I bought it.  I own two Ipods already and wanted to buy another MP3 player for the kids.  I figured I'd try another product and the price was right, but you get what you pay for.  I followed the instructions, connected the player, the device was recognized by my computer only intermittently.  The device also froze up and had to be reset.  The software would freeze up when running and crash as well.  I went to Creative's website, tried their troubleshooting help to no avail.  After a couple of frustrating hours, I've given up.  Too much effort.  I'm buying the new Nano....  

+ Many of the negatives written about the Zen are true.  It does lock up (esp if you try to scroll too fast), you DO have to install software on your computer and learn how to use it (duh), and it's not quite as sexy as the brand name iPod, but I think for it's particular market niche it is a good little player and stands up well against the Apple products.  I for one LOVE my little Zen.  (note: resetting the Zen is easy, installing/learning the software was not difficult, and for the $200+ price tag of an iPod, I can live with the loss of prestige).       The keyword here is "little".   It is truly small (about the size of my car alarm remote) and of negligible weight, so I can comfortably and securely wear it around my neck like a necklace without special cases, pouches, armbands, or pockets built into my jacket or backpack (though all of these accessories are available for those that feel a need for them).  Because of this compact, lightweight design, I tend to carry ("wear") my Zen more often than other players and so it has become my favourite.     Secondly, the fact that it is inexpensive (I won't say "cheap") is actually a big plus for me because I am not constantly afraid of damaging it as I would be a more expensive player.   I tend to "wear" my Zen through some rugged use (workouts, hiking, traveling, skiing, etc) and it has held up perfectly so far (!), but I am not over-worried about it.  I don't use mine for audio books, so I can't speak to the "bookmarking" problem.  I mainly enjoy a large collection of my favourite music which can be nicely categorized into handy playlists, like an energetic workout list, a mellow relaxing list, by music genre, by artist, or even play an entire "album" in it's original order.  I love this feature because I can rock out when I want to, or play some quiet background pop when my Mom is in the car... LOL.  The Zen has brought a lot of additional joy to my life, hearing my favourite music, esp when sitting around waiting or traveling long distances.  Battery life is impressive.  I've gone on entire 3-day weekend trips without it quitting on me.  It charges from any USB port (cord included) and has an optional car adapter (an after market NECESSITY).     With a few minor accessories (a USB power cord, a car power adapter cord, a car "cassette" adapter, a protective silicone shell, waterproof earbuds), I have tricked my Zen out to fit very well into my life and my uses.  Perhaps I am just not a demanding customer, but I think that the Zen is a very nice little player for an excellent price.  I am very happy with mine and I would confidentally recommend it.  

- Had good luck in the past with Creative Labs.  Love the software.  But had last Zen V plus for 6 months and died on me.  Had this one one month and screen got corrupted and eventually couldn't see at all.  Very disappointed.   

+ dont waste your money on an ipod.  the zen is really easy to use and i use limewire to download music so i didnt spend any extra money on buying music. The battery lasts a long time too which is nice, once you charge it completely the first time you only have to charge it about once every week and a half, depending on how often you use it. Its also really small and light it almost disappears in your hand, but the screen looks awesome for such a small device.  Also, fyi creative actually sued apple in 2006 for infringement of the zen patent, the case was settled for $612 million       

+ This a a great player for a new user.  Once I learned how to navigate, I've had very few problems. The screen shows more than other players of equal size.   This device supports books from Audible, which is my primary use, although I have some albums and pictures.  This little 1GB can hold a large book, six albums, and about 20 pictures.  The screen shows the length of a downloaded book, how much time you've listened to and how much time is left.  You can use the joystick to move forward and back within the book.  This device is also supported by my public library, and I can download some books for free. If you shut down the player while a book is playing the unit will usually return to where you left off, and the bookmarking feature offers additional protection.  The unit has frozen several times when I was attempting to navigate too fast, but I've discovered that the earring post I'm always wearing becomes a great way to reset the player.   It is incredible to have an entire book in my purse!  Great little player for the money.  

- I had some concerns proir to purchasing this after reading reviews on the Amazon, NewEgg and other websites.  It appears you've got a 50-50 chance of getting a good one.  I took a chance and got the lemon.  I lost all confidence when I finally got though to the RCA techies, and their response was "yeah, these have issues, not really sure why".    Having to carry around a toothpick to reboot this everytime it freezes is not my idea of a quality product.  Not that I use this often, maybe an hour a day, if that but when the backlight gave out, it was time to send back.  Kudos to Amazon's return policy and I'll take the refund to purchase something else.      

+ I had one of these for about a year before my little brother yanked it down from the desk and righit onto hard wood, it still worked, but the screen died, and i didnt feel like replacing it, so i just got something else. But like I said, if youve ever used an iPod or iTunes, you know that their very easy to use, and Creative isnt quite as good but their catching up. Now they may be harder to use (for the first week until you get used to them) but Creative PACKS this thing with tons of extra stuff, im too lazy to list them, but i would definately buy this over an iPod nano if you know how to work, and figure out how to use things well, but if you just want something siple to use, and iPod might be better, but if you just want to play music (and not use the extra features on the Zen V) then its a pretty simple music player.  

+ This player has been working fine for me.  I only use it for about 1 hour, M-F, on the way home from work.  I had to buy new headphones because the ones that came with it hurt my ears, otherwise, no complaints.    

- We bought this for my daughter for Christmas last year, and she took excellent care of it.  In March the joystick controller split in two.  It seems like this is pretty common problem, but Creative would not fix it.  I ended up buying another broken one and replacing the joystick myself.  But in Sept. the screen backlight died.  I am really disapointed in both the customer service and quality of this product and will not buy another Creative product again  

+ I love my Creative Zen. I have downloaded a bunch of music easily and have been enjoying it since I recieved it. I highly recommend it as a more affordable version of the Ipod.   

+ If you have old tapes and records you would like to be able to archive, put into your computer or other MP3 player, and/or burn CD copies of, this is the the portable media player/ recorder for you...but it has one MAJOR flaw*  A line in jack (odd 2.5mm, but adaptable) is a very rare thing on a portable media player/ recorder, and this has one...add to that it's VU meters and it's close to perfect for making digital copies of any audio source including your old analog recordings. That's right it actually has a line in jack AND VU meters..how sweet is that? With an adapter ( <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000A3GPIS/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/105-0691807-1803628">Audio Adapter - Rca - Mini-phone Stereo 3.5 Mm (m)</a> ) you can jack it right in to your stereo system..with the included 2.5mm to 3.5mm cable you can jack into anything with a standard stereo 3.5mm headphone/ output jack.  Recoding is encoded at 128 or 160Kbps MP3..ok so it.s not high end top  notch audio, but it's just fine for cassettes,LPs, 45s, radio, and yes even your old 8-track cartridges. 320 Kbps would have been better, but 160 is adequate.  It also has a built in mono microphone that makes decent sounding recordings.  ..and yes it'll play your audio and video files, and display pictures too... just like everything else, bla, bla ,bla. Nothing new there.  Audio output is not very loud, but it does have a real user adjustable five band equalizer.  Battery life is about 9-12 hrs...Uh... battery..battery...WHERE'S THE BATTERY?  * THE BATTERY IS NOT USER REPLACEABLE. IMHO that's inexcusable. When it goes dead on you and you're away from home you're sunk. Likewise when it'll no longer hold a charge. The only way to replace the battery is to literally pry the case apart or have it replaced by a technician!  As a recorder I'd give it an 8/10.  As a portable media player I'd give it 2/10 because of the battery issue alone...where it not for that I'd say 7/10.. sounds good for what it is, but I wish it had more output power.  

- This product was an insurance replacement for my previous Flashtrax.  I very much regret this purchase.  My photography store only carried these at the time, so I really had no choice since the Insurance Company put them in charge of replacing my goods.  Here are some of my reasons:  1) 8bit file system. Not only do I use this product for my photography, but I use it as an MP3 player and to transport files.  Unless you plan on time warping your computer back about 10 years, to an archaic 8bit file system, the truncation if files is an extreme annoyance. ie: "myfilename001.jpg" becomes "myfile~1.jpg" and Elvis Presley-Rubberneckin.mp3 becomes "elvi~1.mp3"  Finding the MP3 you want; forget about it.  2) File Sorting Lord have mercy on your soul if you listen to Audio Books.  I do.  Let's assume that I have time to rename 150 mp3 chapters of my audio book if 8 letters or less filenames.  Then I HOPE that each file was created/modified in order - You see, the P-2000 sorts files and folders according to DATE and TIME.  It's incapable of sorting files by filename!! You can't create any play lists OR listen to mp3s in order alphabetically or numerically!  3) Slow Copying files from my Sandisk Extreme III 82x 1gig CF card is slow and painful.  Hope you have a back up battery.  4) Highly Proprietary OS. Ok, so using the P-2000 for MP3's is useless, but at least I still have my photography, yeah?  So I've copied a fresh batch of Canon files to the P-2000 and wish to put them in a folder for viewing (they call them albums).  What the?!  Why are all of my files being copied, then renamed to some Epson proprietary naming system!?  My immaculate Canon file naming system is apparently not good enough this lil baby.  Instead of simply renaming the, the unit COPIES the files into the new files with new names taking up a lot of time, and wear and tear on the hard drive.  Also, can you say "bye bye battery?"  In general, using the file system with Windows file explorer is difficult.  Folders (or albums) that you see while using the unit are not the same that you see in Windows explorer  Example, Lets say you want to create a new folder to throw other photos in from you HDD.  Sorry, no.  You have to use Epson's proprietary "album creating" steps to do this.  Apparently Epson is still learning how to use a standard file system.  So now you're created a folder called "Photos from September 04th 2005; logically, you should be able to plug in your USB in and just copy your files over, yeah?  Sorry, no.  Now you have to find the CODE name Epson gave this album in you folder list.  Just finding the folder with the name you gave it would be too easy.  Epson called mine "ALBM0254." This meant that I had to search about 250 folders to find the one I just created.  I hoped "ALBM0254"  was the right one to copy my files into.  The best way to know for sure, is to put one file into the folder, unplug the device from the UBS, turn it on, browse to folder 254, see if the file is in there, if it is then plug it back in and copy the rest of the files over.  If not, well, try again.  5) Bad Battery?  Too bad. According to Epsons documentation, , using the P-2000 without a battery (AC Only) will damage the unit.  So, if my battery fails me at some point, and I have the day's worth of pictures on this unit, I am unable to recover them until I call Epson and order another proprietary battery. $80.  Until then my clients will just have to wait till a new battery shipped out to me.   6) Media Support Not all it's hyped up to be.  I haven't yet found a proper AVI/Mpeg that it can play.  It claims to be able to play QuickTime .MOV files, but the only one that I've gotten to play (aside from the sample it came with) was some weird and obscure music video I found on the net.  As the only playable MOV file that I've found, I keep it on my P-2000, so I can watch it every now and then feel like I haven't been raped by Epson.  If Cavemen had Portable Photo-Storage units, they'd have P-2000s;  Old technology based software and OS  7) Extra Stuff: I was spoiled by the accessories that came with my Flashtrax.  I got a remote control (which I honestly did use) and external Video / Audio cables to connect to my TV/Stereo.  The Epson does not come with those.  8) Technical Support. I have tried to contact Epson (Canada) in regards to the file sorting issues (twice) over the last week, however I have not heard back from them yet.    To be fair, this unit is much sturdier than my previous Flashtrax (after all, cavemen use it), and the battery life is excellent.  The screen and picture are excellent.   

+ The screen on this baby is gorgeous, but the people who wrote the software need to go play with a few MP3 players and similar devices to get a clue on usability.  The user's guide tells you that you may only copy files to a particular folder on the device; then you have to unplug it from the PC, power it up, and move the files to an Album by punching buttons.  It's been noted that all photos copied to it get rewritten with cryptic Epson file names to cryptically name Epson folders, which makes it next to impossible to totally manage the device from your PC.  The alternative is wearing your thumb out punching buttons to do it on the P2000 itself.  Sorting is done only by date/time, so if you retouch just a few of your vacation pictures on your PC, and then copy all your photos over to show the relatives, you are hosed unless you modify date/time on all photos.  Zoom in is a great feature, my only complaint is there is no single button push to back out to normal size.  Would I buy this one again?  I'd have to look really hard at alternative products.  Am I sorry I own the P2000?  No - I've learned to deal with it.  

+ I bought this unit to save photos while I'm traveling and I can't bring my laptop. I shoot many many pictures when I travel and then when I get home I go through them keeping only the few best ones. Since I shoot large files, 12 megs, I fill up my memory cards very quickly. With this unit I can quickly download my cards and get back to shooting. The display is fantastic. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that even though they have made it very easy to download memory cards into the unit, if you want to transfer files from your computer to the viewer it is a bit more complicated. But, if you read the manual closely it does work. There are cheaper ways to save your files on the road, but none that has a display as large, crisp and clear as this one. I highly recommend the Epson P-2000.  

+ Just wrote a review of the Creative Zen Vision which I ordered and returned last week because of the incredibly bad screen viewing angle.  No such problem with the Epson!  The Epson arrived a few days ago. The screen is wonderful. Everything the Vision should have been. Clear, sharp and easily viewed from a much wider angle. No shimmering at all. Same size, same dimensions (640x480) but has a zoom feature that works very well.  The Epson doesn't have the same tight build as the Vision and the device is a considerably bigger in size, with a slightly cheaper, plastic body. Slightly bigger hard drive. Also has an SD/MMC card slot in addition to the CF slot. Essentially the same functions as the Vision but no FM radio. I didn't buy the Vision nor the Epson for the radio.  That said I'm really happy with the way pictures appear on the Epson and will certainly keep it but still miss the build quality of the Vision.  Video playback is very clean with no stutters. Sharp image. Haven't tested the music playback much but seems fine. The external speaker is fair for such a device but certainly no substitute for even the most basic of computer speakers.  The device boots fairly quickly (5 seconds or so, much faster than the Vision). Navigation is simple. File transfer is very simple to manage.  The battery drains fairly rapidly (about an hour of playback of photo's) but it does pop up a screen recommending you recharge (nice).  It doesn't come with a mini to RCA cable (the Vision does) for playback from the device to a TV. They recommend you buy one in the manual (gee thanks).  Any photographer should be happy with this device. Not as portable or elegant as the Vision but the screen wins hands down, I kid you not.  

+ One of my disappointments with the P2000, which I really like, was the inability to view the avis I get from my Canon camera.  I tried converting to mpeg4, but the simpler mpeg4 conversions are visually poor.  Someone recommended the program Video Vault PVP to me and it is easy to use.  All I have to do is tell it I want to convert the file for use on the P2000 (or I imagine the P4000).  The conversion process is very fast, the video excellent, and the compression makes for a much smaller file.  (...)I wish the transfer of a one gig card full of images went a bit faster and there was an external charger available for the unit. Isabel  

- This is a nice portable viewer but do not buy it to use to copy photos from your memory cards in the field, it is not reliable enough for that.  I stored over 13 gigs of photos on it during a recent trip and two folders of over 300 photos "disappeared".  I could not view or download the photos.  I thought they were lost or corrupted, but I was able to recover them using the $200 OnTrack Easy Recovery Program. Although it was the only way I would have recovered my photos, Epson later told me not to use it.  I also had problems with the battery not charging within the first week and even problems running the unit on AC power.  All this happened in the first month I had the unit, but Epson would not refund or replace the unit.  I sent it to them for warranty service and it came back quickly with no explanation of what they did.  I have no confidence I can save photos to this unit as backup, which is the reason I bought it. If you are willing to spend this much on a portable viewer, it is excellent, but if you want a reliable tool to backup photos on the go, DON'T BUY THE EPSON P-2000 or P-4000, stick with a laptop.  

+ Just bought my P-2000 Yes, I'll be using it to transfer cards while on the road. I shoot 2000 frames a week doing destination weddings.   I also wanted to use it to watch movies; I fly alot. Anyway... I read MANY reviews saying it was very difficult to create a file it would accept. THIS WAS TRUE UNTIL NOW. If you own this unit and want to watch your favorite film simply get VIDEO VAULT PVP EDITION. Google "Video Vault" and you'll find it.  Working with the program is super easy, video quality is fantastic. I now travel with no fewer than a dozen movies. Too cool.  

+ I've been a professional photographer for about 20 years, but I did have a hiatus in that span in which photography fell by the wayside. I've gotten back into the craft and for the most part, I have kissed film goodbye - and I would have bet my left arm that would never happen. I just bought a new digital outfit to begin my new venture into the photo biz and asked an acquaintance who is a freelance photographer and who is sent on assignment by such publications as Time & Life. He recommended the P-2000 when I asked his opinion on the best device out there to use in the field to clear out CF cards and after getting to handle one in person, I agreed with him and bought mine 2 weeks ago.  The image quality is STUNNING. There is no other way to put it. Colors are crisp & sharp on the moderate-sized display and the controls are iPod-ishly intuitive and easy to operate.  There are some things I believe should be done to make the next incarnation a 5-star achiever:  1.) This puppy really needs to have a firewire port. Say what you will about USB 2.0 - on a Mac, Firewire is simply faster. I have a USB 2.0 port on my iMac, but this thinig is too freakin' slow in importing images via USB to the computer. This is a device for professionals - I'd say can the SD slot in favor of a firewire port!  2.) The charging port is on the opposite side of where the lanyard attaches. ... so, if you want this to charge while in its protective case, you have to turn the lanyard  in the case and have it charging in an awkward position.  3.) They seriously need to come out w/ an external battery charger. I do not see the point of buying a separate battery if there is no charger other than the unit itself.  4.) The delay between clicking on a thumbnail and/or zoominig in is WAY TOO LONG. Sometimes, it's zooms in fast, and other times it feels like an ice age is going to pass you by while you wait.  5.) It is way too picky on video formats. The example/demo video that came w/ the unit is a .mov Quicktime file - but I have quicktime files that play fine on my Mac that won't play on this thing. Granted, I will primarily be using this as a professional companion in photoshoots, not as a video player - but you get the idea.  6.)  Where you put in the CF card, it needs to be labled more clearly on the orientation so you don't jam it in backwards.  7.) When the disk is full and you want to import the photos into iPhoto - it takes FOREVER. I have imported photos from external hard drives, CDs and DVDs before, but this is the slowest EVER. I shot a wedding rehearsal and the wedding itself - well over 2000 photos in about 14 hours of activities over 2 days. I got home and hooked this puppy up at 4pm and started importing photos. I went about my day, took a nap and about a few minutes to midnight, went to look at the photos and they were STILL importing! Only about 75% had been imported. I don't know if this is a 2000 rpm drive or if it's a USB 1.0 or what its shortcomings are in the speed dept., but yikes, it takes way too stinking long!  Despite its shortcomings, it is a fast downloader from CF to the drive while in the field. Not as fast as I'd like, but decent. I used this device yesterday during a photoshoot in which I took bridal portraits for about 3 hours. I imported over 700 photos and the bride viewed many of them, zooming in on several - and half the battery life remains. This device pays for itself in just saving the cost of larger capacity CF cards over time. Thus far, I am very pleased with this purchase.  

+ I received this item in the mail about 3 weeks ago and i have thoroughly enjoyed it.  I picked this up so that on my 2 week trip out of the country, i would not have to lug around a lot of heavy electronic equipment (i.e. laptop, chargers, etc...) in addition to my camera, lenses and flash cards.  As travelling by air has gotten a lot more challenging.  this little item will afford me nearly 40 gigs of storage for my RAW images and JPEGS.  I can shoot whatever i want and not have to worry about running out of room on my flash cards.  A note though.  Most reviews state that it takes about 1-3min to download a CF card full of pictures.  i have found that if you have a lot of RAW images, then, it takes quite a bit longer.  it took nearly 20-24 min to download my 4 gig card.  So, i still have to bring my charger and Voltage converter for Europe.  I also noted a lot of praise for the Video Vault program.  I tried it and i found that often on my movies  the sound was off of the video about 3-4 seconds later.  so, i downloaded a free trial of dvdclone mobile (i set it for itunes video and viola'!  No more worries.)  AAAAAAAAAAnd, it was a bit cheaper.    The Epson P has a standard sd card and a CF card slot.  so, it is child's play to pop it outta the camera and plug it in.  the product manual shows you how.  it downloads quickly and reminds you to plug it in if you are going to be downloading off your cards for too long.    the picture viewer is awesome and allows you to zoom in on your pictures so you can spot fuzziness and poor quality quickly!  (instead of looking at a tiny 2 or 2 1/2inch lcd screen.)   Highly recommended!!!.  for the reviewer that lost 2 or 3 files inexplicably and that does not trust this device.  One word of advice, download the card while the charger is connected--you copy the card,then, you page through the images to insure everything is there you want---then, you format your card after you are sure it's there. it says in the manual that if you download stuff on battery and you run outta juice--it might not copy correctly or at all.  i haven't had any problems while utilizing this device to it's fullest capacity.  I now travel with 12 or 15 movies on the hard drive.  When it's time for work, i delete a movie and free up a gig and a half.  or, i delete everything and have nearly 36 gigs of photo fun!!  (i haven't used that much space yet, but, we'll see--italy is right around the corner).  5 stars!  way to go Epson!! (for all those missed connections)  

+ Pros:  - Field backup of your photos  - Nice display  - Easy to understand and use (compared to, say, your camera)  Cons which, if corrected, would put it in the 5 star:  - Slow to load from CF to internal HDD  - No external battery charger  - Cannot zoom in on camera RAW files  - Price $200 less (might as well dream)  4 stars.  Worth owning.      

+ I picked up the 2.5 gb version of this Rave MP3 player this past weekend and have been VERY impressed with its capabilities.  The smaller version cost me $159 (before a $20 mail in rebate) and - having owned a number of MP3 players previously (Muvo, Lyra, etc.) - I have always found something lacking.  This particular unit's manufacturer seems to have listened to consumer's complaints before releasing the model, because it really is a top line product.  It works right out of the package - you can actually plug it in and listen and sync items from your computer immediately, although you'll have to wait a full five hours initially before you can get an 8 to 10 hour battery life as a stand alone device.   What I REALLY like about this unit is that it syncs flawlessly with Windows Media Player, Version 10.  You simply plug it in - no software needed - with the supplied USB cable...and then you open Windows Media Player and use the pull down menu to sync items to the Rave player.  You can have it do it automatically, or you can do it manually.  And yes - it works with stuff that you've downloaded from MSN music...or Rhapsody...or Napster.  Very few MP3 players have the capability to do that with multiple music sources.  The sound clarity is fine, although I would suggest you invest in a better pair of ear buds.  The supplied ones work ok, but there are much better units (try the Sony Fontopia series) available for around $25.00.  The radio tuner works as advertised...and you can store your favorite radio stations.  All in all, a FINE unit and well worth your hard earned dollars.  

+ Disregard the review below.  This unit turned into a piece of garbage just after I wrote this and it is now sitting in a landfill.  Thank you govideo and rave-mp for being a horrible company!  I bought this on eBay for $160 after shipping.  My wife and I have used this mainly while working out at the gym and it would be great for people who are active and want to bring their music with them.  The sound quality isn't the best, especially with the ear-bud headphones provided, but you can mess with the equalizer so that if you get it just right, the sound is pretty good on better headphones.  The mp3 player works fine with XP and Windows Media player 9 or later, but the one beef I have is that it takes forever to update the library if you add or edit files on the player.  Rave-MP doesn't support Windows playlist features yet, but they emailed me and said that a firmware update in January would add the playlist option.  It's January 24th and I still haven't seen the firmware update, so they have a week until I start bugging them again.  This player takes absolutely forever to power up.  You hit the power button and then watch the Rave MP screen for probably 15+ seconds.  It's really annoying in you're in a hurry.    I haven't needed to use the voice recorder so I haven't yet but I'm sure if I were an investigative reporter I would love it.  Or if I liked to record voice memos for myself I guess.  The FM tuner is nice to have but if you want to record from the radio, the bitrate is really low so it'd only be good if you wanted to hear the name of a song or if you got lucky and won something from the radio station and wanted to record the joyous moment.  Other than recording the FM tuner is great for just listening to the radio.  Battery life could be better but what can you do, it's an integrated battery I guess.  Battery life is around the low side of the projected life or about 8hrs I'd say.  I do wonder though how much a replacement battery would cost in a unit like this when it decides to stop charging in a few years or who-know-how-long.  All-in-all, I've enjoyed having this mp3 player.  If you have to have the best sound available, I would pass on this unit, otherwise it's pretty good and you can find it for super cheap usually on eBay.  I've seen them for as low as $130 there.  Holy cheap mp3 player Batman!  

- I know this might not be the case for all of the RAVE products, but I think before buying, people should know of other expereces. When I got this player for Christmas I was thrilled, sound wasnt the best but I was thrilled. But 2 months later the screen would no longer display the song information, or any other info. My friends did the exact same, and this was brought on by no fault of ours.    Though RAVE was vary understanding, and gave us 100% of credit back for the player, and made it easy to return.  

- Pros:  Cheap for the capacity  Cons:  poor audio quality, browsing songs stops currently playing music, no support for playlists, no firmware updates, short warranty  customer service has promised firmware updates due by the end of the month for 3 consecutive months and still hasn't produced a firmware update to fix any of the shortcomings of this unit. spend the extra money and get an ipod mini.   90 days is all govideo feels confident in warranting their products.  I've waited over 90 days for promised firmware updates from govideo to fix all the shortcomings of this product, now i'm out of warranty.  stay away from govideo.  

- It list good specs but I wouldn't know as it doesn't work with XP home and there are noe firmware updates/drivers for it.   The companies web site is pathetic with no forums or any way to give feedback.  It might make a good paper weight tho...  

+ This is my first mp3 player.  When I was shopping around I was mainly concerned with getting the most battery life and storage space for my money.  I know there are other players in the same price range with better sound quality, but I was willing to sacrifice that for more songs.  (...)  It worked very well on my recent trip, and so far I've enjoyed the player.  It does have a short warranty, so I bought the store warranty, just in case.  

+ Some of the other reviewers complained of poor audio quality, and if you just start using the player straight out of the box, I agree, there's a lot of distortion.  But after my adjustments, the player has pretty good audio quality - here's what you do.  Play a song that has a lot of distortion.  From the Main Menu, go to Equalizer > 5 band Equalizer.  Adjust the levels until there's no distortion.  It takes a bit of fiddling but I think 2 minutes of fiddling is worth it for good audio from a cheap player. ;)  On to the review!  I purchased my Rave-MP Arc (the 2.5Gig version) refurbished for $85.  Physically the player is well-designed, the buttons are for the most part clearly labelled and it's not difficult to figure out what they do.  Though the player is not metal, it still feels like it's sturdily constructed; I've already dropped it and spilled yogurt on it and it barely skipped a beat.  The size of the player is average, about the same size as a candy bar cellphone (though a bit thinner.)  This is something you can slip in your pocket easily, unless you wear very tight pants. ;)  Since this is a hard drive player, I wouldn't expect it to stand up to strenuous activities like jogging or mountain biking, but so far it's done fine for me with walking and exercise biking.  I've yet to look at the manual.  The menu layout and operation of the player is very intuitive and easy to use.  I got a little confused on some parts but quickly figured it out.  The battery life is also excellent so far - I use this during my 8 hour work day (usually listening for 4 or 5 hours) and I've never drained the battery below 50%.  Transferring files is a snap too, I just use it as a flash drive and drag-and-drop to the player from my computer.  Indexing takes a bit of time, but it's nothing too bad.  I did take a star off for the earphones.  This player came with two sets and both aren't that great.  The big 70s style ones were comfortable, but also broken, they distort the sound horribly.  The earbud style ones aren't that comfortable, but they are fairly good with the sound.  Expect to invest in a quality pair of headphones.  As for other accessories, the belt clip is a little bulky but entirely usable.  The arm band is very handy when exercising too.  Overall so far, I find this to be an excellent deal for my money so far.  It holds a lot, is pretty durable, has good audio quality (after adjustment), a long battery life for a hard drive player, and is easy to use.  I'd recommend this player to anyone who likes to listen to music at work, on trips, or while doing light exercising.  Now I get to see how well it stands the test of time. :)  Dec 20: After 2 plus months of owning the player I can safely say I was not disappointed with my purchase.  The battery life is still stable and long, and the player still works fine.  The only problems I've had so far are: it will lock up if you try to record when the drive is full (there is a reset button to fix this.)  Also, the protective plastic over the player screen is NOT airtight (also not dust tight!) so my screen is looking quite dusty and I have no immediate way to clean it.  I'm looking into how to clean it off now!  But overall, I still feel it's a good investment, especially if you can get it refurbished or used.  Feb 2, 2006: Still working!  And the battery is holding up fine, I usually get 8 hours of it easily.  I still haven't figured out how to go about cleaning it... but I haven't really tried. ;>  November 16, 2006: Over a year later and it's still working.  I use it about 4 times a week when I exercise now, and I find I have to recharge... maybe once every 2 weeks.  So the battery is still holding up well.  The buttons are getting a little sticky, but I suspect that may be because I do bad things like leave it in a freezing car overnight.  Considering the amount of torture this thing gets, it's holding up remarkably well.  

- This product is not worth your money. I bought one, it worked fine for the day. The next day, it shuts off at me after 5 hours of use! The battery is suppoised to be 10 hours. So I returned the product and exchanged it for a knew one. It only went for 2 1/2 gours this time!!!!!!! All in all, this is a great player if your only gonna listen like, 1/2 hour a day.  

- I bought the 2.5 model. It seemed to work fine, but then I wanted to delete some songs. There was no instructions. I called customer service, they told me to hook it up to the computer and just use plain old delete. Well that's what I did. Soon after I noticed that the player wasn't working quite right. It would begin to play the songs on the player, but stop halfway through. Couldn't figure it out. I called customer service and they kept telling me it was user error. Well, after the warrenty wore out, I figured out what the problem was. The titles to the deleted songs were still in the playlist, and when they couldn't be found on the player - the player would just hang. So I called and told them this was the problem - well they said your warrenty is up - I said this problem happened way before the warrenty was up, but they wanted me to pay $89 to replace the unit - I asked them if I could download the software and reload it as that might clear the player, and even though the manual says that software for it is downloadable, they told me I couldn't download the player system software. Not only is the player worthless so is the company.  

- WOrked OK as an MP3 player and FM tuner.   (Reception marginal).  However, my son dropped it from 3 ft onto ceramic tile and that crashed the harddrive.  Permanently dead.    That is too fragile for a portable music device.  

+ Does an excelent job and has a lot of versitility, but is heavy and slow to load the pictures each time you try to initially view them. (This pertains to the pictures that are already in a folder on the p-2000. I would have expected these to be faster to view then pictures being downloaded.) Once you've been through the "slide show" once, the images load quicker the second time. Had no proplems uploading and downloading from my computer. No problems downloading directly from my camera's card. Overall I am quite happy with my purchase. Screen gives a very good image. Very clear and crisp. Worked great while we were traveling. I used it to unload my camera card so I didn't have to bring extra cards.  

+ I am basically happy with my Epson P-2000 except for one issue. If you want photos entered into an album on the Epson P-2000 in a certain order for presentation, you can't do it.  Photos are shown in the order and date they were taken on your digital camera.  After spendidng hours creating a 700 picture file on my computer and transfering it to the Viewer in the order I wanted them presented, I learned from Epson Tech Support this feature is not currently availble on the P-2000.  I explained my reasoning for wanting them viewed in a certain order, and tech support said this may be available in a future update. Other than this, I am enjoying the P-2000 to store and view my photos.  

- I am a professional photographer and have relied on the P-2000 and a redundant Dell notebook for photo storage in the field.  The P-2000 corrupted about 10% of files downloaded from several CF cards (Lexar Professional 133x media).  The corruption is transparent until the files are unloaded to a desktop.  The original files on the CF card remained intact and error free.  On a recent wildlife shoot in East Africa I returned to discover that more than 300 of 3000 plus frames were not retrievable.  What makes matters worse for the P-2000 is that it cannot be repaired in the field.  One cannot restore its operating software from an external source and the cost of doing so is prohibitively more than the instrument is worth.  I will not invest in another one, personally.  

- The P-2000, at first, seems wonderful.  But over time the warts begin to appear.  This device can be attached to you PC as a hard drive.  However, it cannot be USED as a hard drive.  Deleting files, changing folders, defragmenting, or formatting the P-2000 can render it inoperable.  Because of the above, deleting image files is a laborious process.  It took me 1/2 hour to delete, one by one, the many folders I created during a one-month vacation.  Why doesn't Epson provide a DELETE ALL?  There is a known incompatibility with newer Lexar CF cards, and Epson has no plans to correct this problem.  (The Lexar cards work fine in the camera and on the PC).    I recommend against purchasing this, or any other, Epson multimedia storage drive.  Since Epson is not committed to keeping their products compatible with the latest memory cards, the useful life of their products will be very short.   

- The Epson P2000 and family are not properly supported by epson. You cannot send the device to Epson for repair, even under warranty. You have to use an "authorized Service Center." In the Boston area I was given 4 service centers to choose from. 3 had no idea what a p2000 was and would not repair or support it. The 4th was a horror story in itself. Months of effort to get the repair and return. They could not repair it so had to send it to a repair facility (Epson). But had no idea of how to do so. Calling Epson was little help because the help desk cannot talk to the internal repair facility or check on the repair status. Only the Authorised service center can. Months of trying finally had the device returned to me and the screen failed within a short time just after the warranty ran out. I was given the option of taking it back to the "authorised repair facility" which I have sworn will never get my business again. So... I have pulled the drive out of it, pulled my files off of it. and it sits in a drawer as an expensive reminder of what not to trust.   

- This potential "ipod killer" can hardly stand up on its own (feet) because of terrible software design. The player itself is beautiful and the designers ought to be proud of that but the software is a huge letdown. In the age of drag and drop mp3 players to have a propreitary software that is nonintuitive and full of bugs is a crime. I did all the updating but the transfer part kept hanging up on two mp3 files while allowing me no chance to exclude them. I finally deleted them and tried again. Everything seemed to transfer fine but the player itself would not play with the announcement "retry synchronization." Further attempts locked up my otherwise stable home-built, superbly cared for machine running windows 2000. Even though I'd be [...], I'm returning this thing.  

+ For its price, it would be hard to pass up on an MP3 player with 5 GB of memory with the style, size, and ease of use.  Controls on the player are intuitive and easy to use.  This is a plug and play device that doesn't require much to operate.  The touch pad lights up when it is touched and is responsive.  The headphones leave a lot to be desired and should be upgraded with a 3rd party set.  Conversion of music is relatively easy.  Drag and drop is a limitation since this software does not allow it.  Songs must be checked to be synced.  However, with the nearest competitor priced at $159 with rebates, it is a small price to pay for the inconvenience.    For someone on a budget, I highly recommend this model.  For an audiophile or IPOD afficianado, there are better alternatives.  

+ I work at a RadioShack and we just got these in a week or so ago (mid September.) We had been getting a lot of inqueries about the iPods we carried but no one wanted to pay the price for them! Then we saw these in our add and they looked fantastic. They showed up and everyone that works at the store wanted one.  The included earphones have good enough sound and are designed like the iPod earbuds. Saying they are uncomfortable or comfortable is a matter of ear size and shape but most that have demo-ed the unit have liked them. The face looks sleek and high-end but you may want to get screen protectors or the cases for the m:robe that look a lot like the cases for the iPod. The unit itself has a really good sound but if you like really deafening yourself you'd want to get the updates that give you even more volume. Its always a good idea to get any free updates for whatever product you have. If you're going to carry it in your pocket use the HOLD button and it won't allow input from the touchscreen. Super fast transfers with USB1 or 2. A few hang-ups with the transfer software but was fixed with the updates. Great amount of space (5 GBs! around 1200 songs in MP3 format.) Bottom line: If you want an MP3 player and don't NEED 40+ gigs of space this unit is perfect. Fantastic price even at its higher prices online. Great quality, great accessories, always new firmware/software updates that continue to improve the unit, and a customer replaceable battery! The included battery is said to take over 500 charges and is easily replaceable and inexpensive. Take care of your unit and you'll love it forever!  

- Another case of great hardware and the crappiest software. Come one people, I know about lab testing, but they had to find out that this software is the junkiest, and buggiest thing ever.  With the looks of the hardware, this could've been the IPOD competition, but with the software it's got, forget about it!  

+ Unlike other people that have reviewed this item, I have found no problems with it. This unit comes with a cradle which I thought was a fantastic accessory to include in the package. The unit is very compact and lightweight and easy to navigate. The touch screen can make it somewhat difficult to land on a certain artist sometimes, but if you don't hit it the first time, you will the second, it's not rocket science. As for the software, I have had no problems unlike some of the other reviewers. Yes, it would be nice to just be able to drag and drop, but the m:trip software was easy to install and once you play around with it for a bit, is fairly easy to sync with the player and add music to. Any bugs previously mentioned in other reviews I believe are fixed if you download the updates off the site. They also make it easy to edit your mp3 id tags in case it is missing information such as Artist name and Album title, which is a must for organizing your music on the player. I've had previous players(Dell DJ, Archos Gmini, etc)and this one so far takes the cake. And at a mere $99($130 before rebate at radio shack)I don't see how you could pass this up.   

- I have had my mrobe mr-100 for 3 days now.  I have gotten 3 different errors on it, the latest being a fatal system error, which apparently requires my sending it to olympus to fix.  I am not a computer retard.. i know a lot about them.  This is quality hardware (the same cpu as the apple ipod the pp5020) but absolutly crap for software.  By software i mean the music managment software (mtrip) and the firmware and software within the mrobe.  It really pisses me off that a player that costs over $100 can have such poor quality control.  Save your money for another month and get an ipod mini.  

+ In this day and age where it seems everyone has an ipod it feels good to have something noone else has, which is the m:robe 100.  Coolness factor is definately there and I've gotten lots of attention from ironically ipod owners themselves.  The player itself works fine, just as well as any other player.  The sound can be a bit on the softer side but it's loud enough for when I want it to be loud.  The only weakness is again like people have mentioned, the software.  It's not very user-friendly.  However, it's something that hopefully you won't be doing often, like me, so you'll only have to deal with it once.  Other than that, it's great.  Remember to get better earbuds because the one's included are like the apple earbuds, which aren't very good.  

+ I have a Creative Labs 256 MB MP3 which was enough for my needs because I don't get a chance to listen to music for long periods of time. I brought my husband a Creative NOMAD Jukebox Zen Xtra 40 GB MP3 Player for Xmas and he loves it. We use it when we do long distance driving. I really liked his player and it was in my opinion much better and much cheaper than the IPOD. I was looking for something with the same features only much smaller. I looked at the IPOD mini and it was too costly for only 1GB.  Then I SAW IT! Radio Shack had this really cool looking MP3 player for just $99.00 after rebate and besides the awesome look, it was 5GB. It was the exact size I was looking for to fit in my small purse. I like the fact that it displays what song is playing, who the artist is and you can even search while the music is playing.  The only complaint I have is that you have to use the same computer to download the music or it will wipe out whatever is loaded when you do a sync with the crappy software. The volume is fine for me as I am not trying to lose my hearing anytime soon. Thanks to the previous reviews, I did learn about the updates for volume control which I will be checking and downloading. The ear buds are not worth complaining about because I always use my own earbuds. Let's face it, you usually get crappy headphones with most systems anyway. My advice, tape the plastic that comes with it on the face until you get a case for it so that it doesn't get scratched up. Everyone who got the IPod, did so because of the fad. This is better than the IPod mini and I would highly recommend you get this.       

+ Like another reviewer of this item, I work at a Radio Shack.  We too recently got in the M:Robe.  I now own one, and I found that the following comments are true:  The volume is much too low when you get the thing out of the box. That was very discouraging for me.  However, like several of its other glitches this is easily solved by going to Olympus's website and downloading updates.  The volume is fine now that I've upgraded, I like my music loud and it certainly provides.  When it comes to upgrades you'd better have easy access to your USB port, because removing the cord from the base while it's plugged into the AC requires either long fingernails or surgeon tools.   The software is a pain.  You have to sync up the player to your playlist every time you want to add new music, and that can take a long time.  However, once done, the player is easy to use. Perhaps for the next version Olympus will realize that Mp3 transfer through explorer is a much easier option.  However, I did notice that one glitchy track I had (it had skips on it even as an Mp3) was fixed when I played it on the M:robe.  So maybe the software does have a benefit!  When you set the player on random it can take a couple of seconds for it to decide which track to play next, that is unless it does what it loves to do occasionally, which is playing the next alphabetical track or two before picking at random again.   The headphones are highly average, even for earbuds.  Mine came out of the box with uneven cord lenghts.  They work, but $10 can buy you a much better pair of Sonys.    I gave the player 4/5 stars because I would have liked to have a radio with it.  Also, switching tracks is a bit cumbersome, but once you figure out how it makes sense.  The keypad is very sensative, but responsive as well.  That all being said, once the thing's software is updated the player works fine and there aren't any major complaints, and you are getting a good deal - 5 gigs usually runs $100 more. And lets not forget how cool red looks on black!  

+ Radio Shack had the M:Robe in stock for $130 less a $30 mail-in rebate.  I have had this MP3 player for only one day, but price/performance deserves a 5-star rating.  That, and I also believe it is the best looking and most durably constructed MP3 player on the market.  I don't think you need to hide it in a case, because it is constructed of metal and glass.  It is not going to get scratched up.  I read a lot of reviews of the M:Robe before buying it.  Some earlier ones complained about it not playing loud enough, or freezing up.  These problems have been fixed, so as soon as I got it out of the box, I applied the latest software updates Olympus has come up with.  Just do it!    Here is the quickest way to set the M:Robe up:    Attach AC power cord to transformer, and transformer to docking station.  Place M:Robe in docking station.  Attach USB cable to docking station and position near your main PC.  The M:Robe will start to charge the battery.  This will take about 3 hours, so you have plenty of time update software and upload CDs.  Load the enclosed CD and install the m-trip software.  It will give you an option to scan your hard drive for music.  Do it.  I only had 4 sample music files in the Windows Media format, and I deleted them from the PC hard drive as allowed from the m-trip software.  You should also register the product as you install the software.  Olympus ships the product with version 1.0 of the PC software and the M:Robe also has the lowest level of firmware installed.  You want the latest updates, so....  Open Internet Explorer and go to the web site: [...]  Uploaded m-trip Music Manager Update v1.06, and m:robe 100 Firmware Update v2.17, and follow the clear instructions they provide to complete these tasks.  The web site provides six different uploads.  You only need the top two, so don't bother with the others.  So now you have the latest software.  Start feeding music CDs into the m-trip software.  It only takes a couple of minutes to upload each CD.  By the time the battery is fully charged, you will have a pretty good collection of music.  Now sync the M:Robe with your PC and you can start playing with this little portable music wonder.   The touch-sensitive controls work easily and smoothly.  It takes some getting used to, but it is all intuitive after a short while.  Play with the equalization settings.  I found they all made the music sound worse, and that no equalization worked best, but you be the judge.  The ear buds supplied with the M:Robe are pretty awful, but hey if you can get this player for net $100 from Radio Shack, that leaves you some extra cash for good ear phones.  Best points of this player:  It looks great with its flat black glass front and bright red control lights.  Olympus did a great job in designing this unit.  Worst points:  The m-trip music management software is not the equal of i-tunes.  For me, who listens to entire albums at a time, this is not an issue.  If you think you can compose a better play list than the original artist, get the i-pod.   

+ The first thing I noticed when searching for MP3 players online was how sexy this little machine looked. The red on black screen is absolutely gorgeous and, in my opinion, looks better than all the other MP3 players on the market, hands down. Most other reviews on this site will agree.  The next thing I noticed was how affordable this MP3 player is. At the time I had also been considering purchasing an Ipod Mini (though those soon became obsolete) which had the same amount of space but cost nearly $100 more. I brooded over my purchase for quite some time before I stumbled across an M:robe in the local Radioshack and decided to take the plunge.  My M:robe was every bit as sexy as it was in pictures, if not moreso. Additionally, it felt like a sturdy piece of machinery, rather than the cheap plastic-y feel of some electronics these days.  However, I quickly came to realize that the bundled software for this MP3 player, Olympus M:trip, is more than a hassle and for that reason alone I would not recommend this brand to anyone else. Now, if they were to revamp their software, I would be a very strong advocate of this product.  The software was bulky and I didn't immediately understand it. Several things really bothered me: there were icons with no explanation, the search feature is bloated and you cannot "tab" through the program meaning you must use your mouse. Also, while the software tries to look sleek, it falls slightly short and looks cheap instead.  Originally I added my entire playlist, only to wind up with errors because it was too large and between the player and the software, it didn't know where to cut off. Unfortunately, trying to solve those errors only because worse and I wound up with an empty library in the software but all my songs were still on the hard drive and had to be manually deleted through "My Computer." Furthermore, this was a solution I stumbled upon myself as even technical support was of absolutely no help (but when is it ever?)  On the plus side, the software does allow you to add lyrics to your songs and set up many playlists as well as adding your songs to their predefined playlists (such as "Favourites") but you are not able to edit playlists from the player itself.  There are also your typical browsing features on the player itself: by artist, album, genre, year, etc; and you can browse through your music in several ways: recently listed, top 20 9the player generates this by analyzing the songs you listen to most) favourites (the playlist set up through the software), your personalized playlists, unplayed tracks etc.  Of course you can also choose to listen to your music randomly, though I find it to be less random than one would think based on the name, on repeat or in several different music style modes. All in all the player options are everything I want and nothing I don't.  Aside from the software, which one can get around though I haven't tried it myself, there are a few issues I have with the player itself. For starters, the touch screen looks nice but quickly smudges and scratches so that the player loses some of it's attaction quite quickly. Furthermore, I find that sensitivity of the touch screen varies largely. Some days I need to really push to make the buttons response while others I can accidentally brush over a button and it responds. Lastly, and this might just be a personal issue, but I tend to use my MP3 player outside and in the winter it becomes quite cold here and I cannot operate the touch screen using gloves.  One thing about the player that is impressive is the sound quality and I find the sound goes up loud enough for me, though others might argue. I do wish the lower sound setting were quieter though as it's still too loud to listen to the player and hold a conversation at the same time.   I also find that the switchover time between songs can sometimes take a little longer than I'd like but it's nothing I can't live with. Lastly, I am quite annoyed when I switch to playlist view and sometimes it shows my playlist from the beginning and other times it shows the playlist right around the song which is currently playing. I cannot, for the life of me, figure out what controls this and can never get the playlist position I want.  Last, I've encountered an interesting glitch with my player, once shortly after I bought it and once over a year later. The music will stop, the touch screen will stop responding though the screen will still be on, the player becomes unchargeable (and when I tried to do that as a way to "get it back" the player itself heated up alarmingly) and it only half-responds to the power button. Both times, eventually the screen turned off and I let the MP3 player sit (the first time for several days, the second for several hours) and it eventually worked again with my files and playlists in tact but the battery was drained.  This is quite disturbing and I cannot say why it would do that, I guess as long as it works again, I'm happy.  Speaking of the battery, I find that it takes quite a while for the first 2 bars to be drained but once you're down to 1 bar, the player will die quickly. You can charge via the dock, plug it into a wall, or via USB connected to a computer. I find the best charging results from each of these activities respectively. Charging by USB can register a fully charged battery but will quickly drain of power.  Overall this is a sleek player which generally handles well and has everything I want and nothing I don't, including a unique name, but it is held back by it's poor software and some glitches (which ranges in severity).  I would definitely buy another Olympus MP3 player (had they gone the route of MP3 player only, rather than the combined camera/MP3 player of the M:robe 500) but I would be more cautious about it.    

- This was the cutest mp3 I found when I was looking around, and also the cheapest, and when I first got it, I was really really happy. However, when I started getting new songs to add, the software screwed me over and deleted all my songs. I had to start from scratch again. Sometimes, it freezes on me, and also, the controls that light up break a lot. Also, the mp3 gets scratched very very easily, and even in a case, it looks like i beat it every night. Maybe I am just not careful enough, but one day, it was near the bottom of my backpack. when i took it out, the screen was cracked in three places, and though i can still use it, I can not read the song name, artist, time, battery life or anything. I am really busy; i don't have time to battle with my mp3 everyday. Over all, the sound quality and design is really good, as well as the over all song capacity and price, but the way it gets scratched so easily and has so many irritating small problems ruined it for me. Only buy this if you are ready to take care of it extremely well, learn the software and read the manual from front to back.  

+ This is one of the most awesomely put together player, but the software leaves you craving more.  PROS -very easy to hold in your hand -great sound quality -touch sensitive -straight forward menus -sturdy player   CONS -Software is atrocious -Touch sensitive -Lacking special features  CONCLUSION I would highly recommend this player to anyone looking for a MUSIC device. It has no special features, which I'm fine with, but they are always fun to mess with. You may have noticed that i put touch sensitive on both lists. This is because it is great to use when you want to, but it is so sensitive, that unless you keep the hold on at all times, it WILL change songs or pause. You have to even be careful reaching across the player to turn on the hold button or else it will go back a song. Again, I would buy this item again if i had the chance.  ALLEN  

+ I purchased the Zen Touch when it first came out with the intention of replacing my old Jukebox Zen.  While I like the looks of the Zen Touch better, I was bothered by a few things. 1) The random button.  I never put my player on hold since I am constantly changing tracks and the volume.  I kept hitting the little random button which put every file onto my playlist.  So then I had to go and delete the files I didn't want only to hit the button again a few minutes later.  Annoying. 2) The playlist feature.  Unlike in the Jukebox Zen the now playing files are not grouped by artist or by album, they're simply placed in one large list.  This makes it very time consuming to delete a particular band from the now playing. 3) Button placement.  I actually like having the buttons on the side of the player (as in the Jukebox Zen), that means that I can easily slip it into my pocket without hitting any buttons. 4) The touch pad.  It's a little difficult to select what you want with this thing but it makes for easy scrolling.  It's also nice that you can set how sensitive it is and you can just tap on it to select songs. 5) The software.  Okay, we all know by now that the software that Creative packages with it's products sucks.  I like their products enough though to deal with it. Overall I thought that the Zen Touch was a good product, I just wish that they had kept some of the features that made me fall in love with the older models.  And until they do I'm going to stick with my Jukebox Zen.  

+ I have been using the Zen Touch for several months now. Extremely pleased with my purchase. A couple of years ago I bought a Nomad3, its round shape caused a lot of slipping and falling to the ground. Eventually I had to send it back to Creative to get fixed. An eighty dollar service charge was too much so they sent it back and I managed to fix the unit by dropping it again. Nervous, I sold it to a buddy (it's still working) and bought a Dell DJ15 GB. Made by Creative the unit it self was great but the software (MusicMatch) was very buggy. After discovering AllofMP3.com I ran out of room. So I went back to Creative and loved the new software. Nice unit, very clean looking. The software supports dual players at the same time so it is very easy to swap songs through a PC. Nice feature.    

+ I love this thing.  The Good: Almost everything!  Particularly: EXCELLENT battery life. Solid build. Incredible sound quality. Unique, if not eniterly effective firrmware.  The bad: The included software isn't good.  At all.  But I've used worse.  My 20 GB Zen Touch had a harddisk failure after around a month.  Creative speedily replaced it with another, though on the replacement, the scroll wheel was broken when I received it. They took it back, and somehow I ended up with a 40 GB model.  This is the most excellent and efficient customer service I have ever encountered.  No player I've seen sounds better.  

+ I bought this elsewhere for much cheaper, so do your homework. Amazon prices don't seem as competitive as they once were! Anyway, on with the review. I think this unit sounds fantastic. The headphones really work well for me. They fit my ears well and sound full and robust. I have a pair of Sennheiser ear buds (MX500) and a Sennheiser headset (can't find the model number) and they do not sound as good as the included earbuds. This is a pleasant surprise as I expected the included phones to not fit well and sound poor. So that is good. Earbuds seem to be a very individual thing. In any case, I want to get a new set of headphones, perhaps the Sennheiser PX100s... Overall I find earbuds dainty and difficulty to store well (there is no case for the included earbuds, I use my MX500 case...)  I find the software to be completely usable. I do not use it to rip unless my EAC/LAME setup cannot handle one of my CDs, then the Mediasource software usually handles things just fine, which I find interesting. One thing for sure is that files upload VERY quickly to the player and it is so easy to SYNC your PC music collection to the player (or vice versa). I especially like the media sniffer aspect of Mediasource which scans the directories you point it to for new additions to add to the collection... Very handy!  I would give the player five stars, but: I do wish Creative had included a remote. Also, the case is just crappy and doesn't clamp well to my belt or jeans pocket. I usually put the player in a pocket. Get used to using the player lock button as the random button for some reason seems to get pressed a lot for no reason....   As for the controversial touch strip, I find it to be okay. Yes, it is sensitive, but I find that I am getting better. Initially I was terrible, but incrementally and slowly I am seeing improvement. I turned the tap feature on the touchpad off.  The buttons are useful, except for the random one, which is just plain dumb... No one must have tested this in design phase.  Overall, this is a great player. Comparatively cheap, well designed, and fabulous sound. Works perfectly well for me. I have had it for about 3 weeks now and have been listening and using it a lot!  

+ Great mp3 player with one fatal flaw. All mp3s are stored in one directory, making it very hard to organize songs and resulting in a lot of file name conflicts.  An mp3 player just needs to be a portable hard drive with headphones. Amazing how many lack this basic functionality.  So it's not perfect, but it is better than an ipod. At least it doesn't meddle with my primary music library the way the ipod does.  

+ two things, is there a case for this thing you can buy anywhere? also, is it the same size as the 20 GB model? Thanks!   

+ The Zen Touch is slowly becoming the most important electronic device that I own. My favorite thing is that I can put any MP3 on  the device and it will play it. I have and extensive MP3 collection and it plays them all without fail, from my old MP3's to my newest licensed ones. Throw the bundled software away and just install the newest driver though, I found it very confusing to use. I simply use the drag and drop method to get my music onto the device. I am very pleased with the device and the performance the audio sounds great. It will soon be supported by Napster's To Go service and I can't wait to fill all 40 gigs with music.  

+ Positive things: I got my Zen Touch 40GB about a week ago, and overall I'm very happy with it.  The touchpad isn't as easy to use as the iPod's wheel, but if you turn the sensitivity down in the settings it shouldn't be a real problem.  The battery life is exceptional.  I've been skipping tracks like crazy, playing 128kbps-392kbps audio, running my backlight on 30-second mode(the highest), and using 30% contrast.  I charge nightly after use, and I've never yet managed to eat an entire bar off the battery life display.  The sound quality, as others have said, is great.  A clip-on case comes in the box.  It's fine for carrying it around, but if you want to access any of the buttons on the player, you'll have to remove it from the case until you're done messing around.  Negative things: The earbuds that come in the box suck.  They hurt my ears and fall out every three seconds.  Get yourself a pair of these, instead: &lt;A HREF="http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/B000092YR6/ref=pd_sbs_e_1/103-8083684-1691818?v=glance&s=electronics">Sony MDR-J10&lt;/A>  The player's firmware is very minimalistic.  You can't set it to display the time of day along with the track information(which isn't something I've seen on any mp3 player, but it would make sense... why should I have to carry an mp3 player AND a watch?), and it doesn't support any lossless encoded audio format.  It also doesn't support viewing text files...  which would be a useful feature for keeping recipies and such.  I'm hoping that Creative will address these three issues in a firmware update.  I've also heard a lot about problems with the player's interface freezing.  I've not personally experienced this, but apparently the only way to fix it is to either wait for the battery to die completely, or push a straightened paper clip into the reset-hole.  You'd think they could make that a little more accessible.  I hope it never becomes a problem for me.  The computer-interface software kind of sucks.  It takes absolutely forever to transfer music to the player, even when using a USB 2.0 port.  The placement of the OK button on the touchpad track was a bad call on the part of Creative's design team.  It's not a huge problem...  it's just not where I'd have put it.  Overall, it's a great player, and I'm happy I got it instead of an iPod, but I'd really appreciate a firmware upgrade.  

+ I've had my Zen Touch for a few days now, and it's been wonderful to use.  All things considered, I fully researched the player before I made the purchase and came to the conclusion that it was exactly what I was looking for.  It has its low points, but the long battery life & low price definitely outweigh its chunky size and lack of subdirectory support.  The High Points: --Sound quality:--  I listen to a lot of classical music in addition to shake-yer-booty club tunes, and the Zen Touch has played everything I've thrown at it clearly, crisply, and without any distortion.   --Price:--  My budget for the player was limited, and I only went a few dollars over while getting lots of bang for the buck. --Data support:--  I have about half the space on my Zen filled with movies and random files which are really easy to drag & drop.  It's great for taking a movie too big for CD over to a friend's place. --Durability&Construction:--  This player feel like quality.  It's obviously well made and sturdy.  It would probably be easy to scratch the finish, but that's why there is a case.  I would definitely be mindful of dropping it while it's running, though, since that's a great way to kill a hard drive.  A fall would likely not harm the case, but if the hard drive is spinning it can ruin the drive. Thankfully, the belt clip has a little edge which helps to keep it from slipping off, and I've clipped it to everything from necklaces to bra straps to a swimsuit with no fear of it falling off. --Battery:-- It just keeps going and going and going!!!  I haven't timed how long I've gotten yet, but it's definitely way over 20hrs.  Docking sucks the life out, though.  Plug in for it.   Things I Expected To Be Low Points But Were Fine: --Scroll Bar:-- A lot of people have complained that it is too sensitive, but mine has been fine to use without playing with any settings.  It took about three minutes of useless flipping from the bottom of my playlist to the top, but it's easy to get the hang of.   --Headphones:--  The included headphones are perfectly adequate.  They're not Sennheisers, but they don't distort and I plan to use them because money is tight and they're fine...  In fact, they're noticeably better than any other headphones provided with CD players I've purchased in the past. --Software:--  I expected that the software would be awful, considering the reviews, but I used both Creative's NOMAD Explorer and Red Chair's NOTMAD Explorer for a while and I didn't feel that it was necessary to pay the extra bucks for it.  Creative's software is perfectly adequate for transferring files to the player, creating playlists, and editing certain ID3 tags in bulk (artist, album, and genre).  That's all I expect it to do, and it does that very well.     The Low Points: --No Subdirectories:--  The Zen Touch uses ID3 tags to organize the files, which is a pain since a lot of the time the tags are wrong, especially on mp3s which have been around for a long time.  However, tags are definitely better on downloaded files these days than they were in the Napster era.  Creative's software makes it easy to bulk edit some tags(album, artist, genre), too, which really helps to cut down on the pain-in-the-butt factor.  Thankfully, there are plenty of free ID3 editing programs out there to easily bulk edit the track number and year fields. --Provided Case:--  Don't get me wrong, it's great protection for the player, but it's not possible to access the buttons while it is in there.  That means everytime you want to change the song, you have to pull the player out, take it off hold, press the next button, turn hold back on, and then slip it back in the case.  What a pain.  I haven't purchased a new case yet, but I'm definitely going to look into it!  And, inconsequentially, the headphone cord is white, so from afar it looks like I'd actually waste my money on an iPod.  Boo.  All in all, this is a great player and definitely worth the money.  

+ This is a fine mp3 player that holds a massive number of files.  The sound quality consistently beats the competition (Creative is, after all an 'audio' company) and the battery life is tops in the industry.  There are a few quirks in the software and user interface but nothing that would take away from the overall usage of the product.  But when paying hundreds of US$ for an mp3 player all of the issues of ownership must be factored in (as opposed to just the player itself).  The problem with this player is that Creative has completely abandoned it.  When it was released in mid-2004, it was billed as a quality alternative to the Ipod (some trade mags and websites were close to crowning it as the Ipod killer).  Yet, more than a year later, there are no accessories of note (Ipod has how many?), and the lack of firmware upgrades (Audio books anyone?) are evidence that Creative has little faith in this product, and more damaging to the possibilities of a future increase in the overall mp3 market share, in developing the consumer loyalties have allowed Ipod to own the market.  Further, given that this product has been on the market for more than a year, not even the most optimistic fan truly believes that Creative will begin, now, to release the needed firmware upgrades (audio books, file management, etc...) or the most desired hardware accessories (car chargers/speaker systems, FM transmitters, high quality sound docking stations - see the Bose product, functionally sound cases, etc...)  Clearly, Creative has moved on to focus on the new mp3 player releases.  To make matters worse, this same player, in essence, is sold through Dell as the 'DJ' with nearly all of the firmware upgrades and a number of quality accessories that Creative has denied to its own direct customers.  No small amount of irony there.  Again, the zen touch excels as a player but minus the support of Creative, and at even the current reduced pricing, it cannot compare to the entire ownership experience to its chief competition.  If you really like this player and don't want to wait until the price drops below $100 (where the 'ownership experience argument begins to be less of a factor in comparison to Creative's competition), buy the Dell version.  If you are looking for an alternative to the Ipod, bite the bullet and buy the Ipod.  

- As others have said, the sound is great and battery life is excellent.  That's about it.   If you (God forbid) hit the "shuffle" button (why do we need a "shuffle" button on the outside where you'll hit it often?) you will "shuffle" until you magically hit the button(s) to correct it - or the Zen gods shine down on you.  I've had this player for several years and still can't figure it out.  Instruction manual?  Forget it.  The touch pad is irritating as you will overshoot your mark often no matter how often you adjust it. There is nothing intuitive about the software.    Here's the best thing.  Sometimes it...just...quits.  You have to get a paperclip, stick it into a little hole and it revives itself.  No idea why it does this.  But rest assured, it will do it at the worst possible moment when there is no paperclip or other similar object in sight.  I bought the Zen because I hate anything Apple.  My next MP3, unfortunately, will be an Ipod.  And the way the Zen has been acting up lately - it might be sooner rather than later.  

+ I bought one of these after making extensive comparisons with other players. I didn't want video so I chose this older model. The sound quality is very good with some separately purchased earphones (the ones in the box are okay but not great). The battery life is amazing. I'm not sure if it gets 24 hours but I use it every day all week and I often don't charge it before going back to work again on Monday. I only have two complaints, this player is heavy, but that is to be expected with such a long-lived battery, and that when I am accessing a large playlist the player can take a very long time to respond. Also I find the random button on the front a bit silly, I listen to a lot of different styles of music and hearing opera followed by pop music just doesn't work for me. That said, this is a great player and when the time comes to get a new one I will buy another product from Creative.  

+ I got this to replace my XTRA 30GB. It's pretty much a good substitute.  The sound on this thing is great. Unfortunately the headphone Creative ships with it suck and don't do it justice at all so you will definitely want to invest in a pair of good headphones to go with it.   It's a little smaller than the XTRA and I guess it looks a little better. Unfortunately the little dial  you used to navigate around the menus has been replaced by a touch pad. This takes a while to get used to and still is hard for me to get right on the song I want on first try. Although going into the options and reducing the sensitivity of the touch pad helps with this, Also, there a lot of menus to navigate through. To me new interface is an example of trying to fix something that wasn't broken and actually making it worse. You can transfer music quickly and easily, Vista downloads the right driver instantly and the battery holds a long charge  This is a nice player for about $100 on the whole. The sound is by far the most important thing to me on an MP3 player and the Creative players all sound great. Its 40GB capacity is also nice to backup a lot of music or use it as a little portable hard drive. With all the benefits I can live with the slightly irritating interface and menus.      

+ I have had the pleasure of owning a Zen Touch for the past three years now! The only problem I have had to date is that I lost the power adapter; seriously, that's it!  The Zen Touch has solid construction (I've dropped it several times), is easily navigable, has great sound and has an amazing file capacity. I tried to get into the I-pod hype, but saw so many other cost effective alternatives; I thought I would try to make Mac work harder for my affection (not even the i-phone has swayed me yet).  Although I am a subscriber to Sirius Satellite Radio and make huge use of the Stiletto that boasts a pretty sizable mp3 capacity itself (along with recorded radio files and internet radio capability), I still use my Zen Touch heavily for work at our after school programs.  I would go to bat for the Zen Touch any day (although I don't think Creative makes them any more). I will use my Zen until they start downloading music directly to my brain... we, even then the Zen would probably be way more reliable (I've had to reboot the old noggin quite a few times since I work with kids).   

+ Have owned it for 2+ years.  Pros:  - Excellent Sound quality - Long Battery Life - Durable, thing can be tossed around and screen has never scratched even with no case to protect it. - Cheap  Cons:  - The buttons slowly stopped doing what they were supposed to. Occassionally hitting "next" will do the dreaded random all. Or it might pause. Could be because of all the dropping over the years but I don't think so. Seemed more of a gradual onset of dysfunction than any "breaking." - Random all is useless and annoying. - The software is buggy. It crashes a lot, and the built in player rarely works. - The touchpad is hard to use, even after years of practice.  Conclusion... Buy it because it's cheap and plays great music for long periods of time. Plus it doesn't need iTunes or the proprietary song format.  If you have more money to spend, however, there is almost certainly something better on the market that is also non-iPod.  

+ This MP3 player is awesome. I've had it for almost 3 years now and it's still running great. I bought it to take to Iraq with me when I got deployed and it survived the deployment, it's been to the gym with me (I know, not good for hard drive-based MP3 players, I'm in the market for a flash drive-based player), on all my travels, everywhere.  So first the software it comes with is incredibly easy to use and very useful. Easy to make playlists and sort through songs. True that you can't make playlists on the go, but I'm ok with that.  It's got a hold button on the top, which I've found very useful. I've had the thing in my bag and then pulled it out only to find that the battery drained; now I just put the hold button on and it can't do that anymore. It also helps when taking it out of the case so you don't accidentally hit 'Random' or the power button (done both).  Dedicated volume buttons, a must for me. Speaking of sound, it's pretty good. There are some songs that I listen to that the volume can't quite go as high as I'd like, but it's very possible that I've converted files incorrectly - don't know. Anyway, it's perfect for what I need.  The touch scroll takes a little bit of getting used to and it can be a bit oversensitive, but I got the hang of it pretty quick and now find it very easy to use.  I've never really tested the battery life, but it seems to be just fine, haven't had any problems with it.  That's my 2 cents, overall great MP3 player, highly recommend it!  

+ I have actually had my Creative Zen Touch for going on five years now, and it still works as flawlessly as the day I bought it. It's a real pity Creative doesn't make them anymore.  I am not gentle with my electronics. I have dropped, washed, left it out in the car, and who knows what else. The (somewhat) cruddy carrying case has long since fallen apart, I've had to purchase new earbuds over and over again as the old ones fall apart, but my Zen is still miraculously going strong.  Although bulky, I find that that larger size is a benefit more than a hindrance. If you drop it, you don't have to freak and wonder if you'll have to shell out another $250+ for a replacement.  Mind you, there are some negative factors as well, most of them applying to the software. I prefer ripping my cds with Windows Media Player, and occasionally I'll rip songs and the software simply won't recognize that there's an mp3 on my computer. I'll open the folder and the software just shows it as empty space. The only way to avoid that problem is by ripping the cd with the software's ripping program, and it's frustrating that you can't change the song quality. Also, I enjoy listening to music from many different countries, and, although when you first set up the software it supports all languages, if you should need to switch computers or download the software to a new computer, there's no longer any language support. You can fiddle with that program as much as you want and download as many patches as you can, it doesn't matter. You'll just have to find the romanized titles for those songs, or the song'll just appear on your mp3 player as gibberish.  Despite these setbacks, the fact remains that the mp3 player itself is sturdy, dependable, and, most imoprtantly, still working. It breaks my heart, but I've been having to look for a new one for no other reason than that I no longer have any room on my old one. And it breaks my heart even more that I can't just get an upgraded version of this one.  

- The first day I got my Zen MP3 player, the hard drive immediately stopped working by the second song.  I returned it for a different player and am satisfied with the second player so far.  My only problem with the Zen player is that you cannot create files to store different types of music or certain albums, but I guess you can overcome that issue by playing music according to artist, genre, etc...  Also, I'm still waiting for my refund from e-parts and more for having to ship out my broken player.  It hasn't come yet.  

- DO NOT BUY THIS OR ANYTHING ELSE WITH THE CREATIVE LABS LOGO!! Where to begin with this piece of junk?  I bought this due to its hard drive size, its compatibility with all types of music files, its long lasting battery, and the other reviews I read.  When I got the refurbished (by Creative Labs) player, the first thing I did was install the software, then tried to sync the player with Windows Media Player 11.  As soon as I turned the player on (after chargin the battery), I got a firmware error message.  A search through the Creative Labs website to find a fix resulted in receiving an RMA to send it back to Creative Labs for repair, which I did.  A month and several inquiries to Creative as to the status of the player later, I checked the RMA website where I was told there was as issue with the RMA.  No email notification that there was problem, and I was surprised as I had followed their instructions for returning it for repair.  I still don't have a working player and don't have high expectations when I get it back.  Maybe my viewpoint will change when I am actually able to use an operable player, but I wouldn't recommend buying anything made by Creative Labs.  There are better players out there for comparable prices, and I am regretting my decision to buy it.  Next time, I'm getting a Cowon, a Zune, or (may my tongue turn black for saying) an ipod.  

+ This is in the response to Benjamin's comment about the ipod encrypting cd's are mp3 you pull into itunes:  hey it doesn't have to "encrypt" the music you store on it. On my ipod i like to mess with the encoding settings to get a bit bettter quality (up to 320kpbs), but you can still go the standard route (192kbs) interchaing the AAC for the MP3 format: (no difference really apple says that AAC is a little better in conserving memory but the difference is too marginal to really matter)  Here's how:  Edit -> Preferences ->  Advanced -> Importing Tab -> Import using Mp3 encoder  That way when you do manage to pull out the music from your ipod using third party software you won't have to worry about the format not being compatible on another player.  

+ Great item.  It's and iPod what else need you say?  My wife loves it.  

+ the ipod is great! it got here in good time and great shape. it has plenty of memory to hold tons of music. it is a great size to carry around and use anywhere anytime.  

+ We purchased 3 of these for our kids and they love it and have not had any problems with them.  We'll be upgrading them to a nano when the hard drives on these start to fail.  So far they haven't.  

+ Love it.  It's great.  Easy to use.  Small.  Excellent. No complaints.  

+ Excellent value.handles and works well for Audio books, lots of storage space for many books and lots of music.  

+ I was a little disappointed by the condition of the iPod-several scratches and dents. So I think it was a bit overpriced, considering the appearance.  Since returning the iPod once for service, it has worked fine.    

+ This produc was delivered earlier than expected and in great shape.  My family loves having an iPOD to enjoy their favorite music.  Great service and a great item.  Thanks.  

- I got an iPod mini as a gift from my parents for my birthday almost 2 years ago. I have had to have the  Apple store replace it with a new one twice. The first one that I got wouldn't turn on at all. The second one, the wheel wouldn't stay locked, then it wouldn't hold a charge, and by the time I brought back to the store it was completely spazzing. The third and most recent replacement mini that they gave me had been working fine but as i was using it, all of a sudden the screen faded so now the screen is useless. The people at the Apple store told me that they had never seen this happen before and had no idea why it happened. Its not under warranty anymore and they told me that the only thing I could do  would be to send it to an online repair shop or basically use it as an iPod shuffle. I never dropped any of the iPods, they never got wet, there is no rhyme or reason (even the Mac genius' couldn't figure out why this has happened) for why I have had 3 of them not work. This iPod mini has been nothing but a hassle for the past 2 years, please save yourself the time, effort, and money. I wish someone had warned me.  

- Complaints are thus:  I have never in my life had any hardware or software give me half the amount of trouble this one product has, and this includes my cartridge blowing Nintendo days.    -Battery has been replaced 3 times under warranty.  Still doesn't work.  -Never got the USB charger to work (the wall adapter to fix this ranges from $30-60, which their tech support will be more than happy to sell you). -Battery never lasted more than 2 hours after two or three uses.   -The potential to "break" your ipod through "improper" software use ensured a few dozen reboots.   -Toss in a heapin' helpin' of branded software like itunes and quicktime that ensure you can never use anything BUT their product.    I don't think I will ever purchase anything from apple again.  If you can avoid them, do.  Their products don't last for poop.     

- I just bought one not too long ago, but was not satisfy with it, although the design is by far the best among all the mp3 players out there, but in term of function wise, it is a totally different story. Had to return it and bought the creative zen micro which allows me to put music files into the gadget through windows explorer or windows media player. In addition, it allows data storage as well which ipod mini lacks, and data storage has a maximum of 4gb which I am very impressed. It also came with an extra removable battery and best of all, I can update the firmware myself w/o having to goto Apple personally to update the gadget.  

+ i got this to replace my iriver, which got stepped on and is now awaiting parts. heres a basic list of pros and cons: Pros: 1) iTunes is a breeze to work with. fantastic piece of software 2) Its tiny, it holds 6gb in a tiny tiny space 3) it takes only seconds to transferr songs over via iTunes 4) It is so easy to use. the click wheel interface is fantastic 5) battery life is now rated by apple at 18 hours but actually reaches 22 in good conditions!! brilliant!  Cons: 1) sound quality, sound quality and again sound quality.compared to my old iriver it pales in comparison, but its not terrible, just a lot less than i was expecting. 2) built in equalizers are useless and do more harm than good. to be avoided at all costs. 3)cant copy music off the ipod( you can actually, but you have to do a bit of research and downloading of 3rd party software to do this.) 3) it doesnt like bit rates lower than 160kbps, which i know is a minium nowdays, but i have a lot of 128 kbps from years ago that sound way better in the iriver than the ipod. 4)no wall charger included. you have to charge via powered usb, which meant i had to buy a powered usb hub as my laptop has no powered usb port.this is a bad way to cut costs.also means your pc will have to be on when charging and this is bad if you charge at nite, when your pc is off. 5) easily scratched and you will need a case to keep it looking good.  thats a short list of pros and cons. id definately recommend it but you really need to buy new headphones to make the most of it.  

+ If you, like me, have tons of music in your iTunes, you may be wondering: "Is this iPod going to be enough to help me carry all the music I want?" The answer is "it depends". If you want to carry literally ALL your music, bear in mind this unit will hold on average about 1,500 tunes. So you may run out of space well before you get half your collection into it.   However, if you are objective about it, and look into how often you actually listen to ALL your music, you will realize (like I did), that this iPod Mini (Silver or not) will more than serve your purposes. With this said, everything about it is perfectly balanced. The sound is fine (not studio quality, but it's very good, anyway). The interface is impeccable: incredibly easy to learn and use. The design is... well, Apple at its best! And it's light and highly portable.  The only downside are the covers for the earbuds, which I lost within a couple of days of starting to use it, but in all honesty the plain earbuds with no cover don't bother me. I may get myself a new pair of earbuds in the future, but for now, not even this I find to be a problem with the unit. So, if you are still wondering what do I recommend you to do: get yourself one of these, and you will be able to take your music with you all day long wherever you go, and be happy with your investment.  

+ I love my ipod mini. I have almost 700 songs on it, and I still have the other half of my cd collection to go thru. I carefully selected which songs to put on here, which saved me some space... Whats the point of putting on songs you wont play?  Also, its user friendly, and iTunes is a snap to use. Granted I had to convert all my wma to aac, it still sounds great! After I finished that, I ripped the remaining cd's straight to iTunes.   A few suggestions....  Dont bother with the EQ. I found it silly to even toy with it. I have a wide range of music on my iPod, so it would be pointless to change the EQ. I listen to my iPod in the car, so if push comes to shove, I'll change the EQ on my car stereo, but I dont find it necessary.   As much as Apple charges for a battery change, save yourself the trouble and go to a local electronics store (Best Buy, Circuit City). They offer extended warranties (mine is 3 year) and will change the battery for you, sometimes free of charge.  Have fun with it!  

- ipod mini dont have:  1. it doesn't have radio  2. u can't recored radio  3. u can't even recored ur own voice  4. u can't fill da memory to da fullest                     ZEN MICRO IS BETTER CUZ:  just get da 6GB zen micro it lasts longer (battery life) u can fill da memory to da fullest has radio (fm only) u can record it and u can recored your own voice (voice memo)u can also use it as a memory card to store files      

+ If you read the dimensions, the iPod mini doesn't seem that much smaller than the iPod, but when you hold it in your hand, the mini rules!  I always carried my big iPod in a case because it got scratched so easily, but the mini doesn't need one because the brushed finish doesn't pick up fingerprints.  So big iPod + case >> iPod mini.    I killed my last iPod by dropping it and shattering the LCD screen (ironically on the headphone that had been wrapped around the iPod).  To avoid that with my new mini, I take the included belt clip and clip it to the *front* of the mini, so the LCD is protected.  Included protection!  The only thing that the new iPod mini's don't include is a separate power adapter.    

+ I had a 15GB iPod and also sold it to get this (green version). I have to say, even though it holds less songs, that this is alot better. I erased ALOT of songs i dont listen too, but i dont regret it because they were there for no reason.   The new minis are darker than the older ones. The old mini green was lime green, this ones darker and looks alot better. The case is hard, and doesn't get scratched easy like the big ipod. The click wheel is great, and i like it alot better than the old one. When its in my pant pocket, I can just click the button inside of my pocket without taking it out,(I had the touch 15Gb iPod). The only problem is that the scroll whell isnt as sensative as the other iPod.  The sound seems to be improved alittle. I can turn the volume half way up and it will be as loud as my old iPod at three forths the volume. The battery is also great. I have the backlight on for 2 seconds, and use nice Sennheiser headphones, (Different headphones drain more battery), and listen to the volume at about three fourth, and the battery last about 12 hours. Not bad sinch the last ipod with light and better headphones lasted for about an hour and a half..  The iPod doesn't have that many extras. It has games, nots, clock, calander, and contacts. Other Mp3 players have voice recorders, fm radio, ect. Thats o.k though because they don't have the innovation.  All in all, I suggest you buy this. You won't regret it.   

+ I ordered this item on March 22, but not shipped until today(April 27), why?  

+ Let me start off by saying that I was amazed at how small this thing is. I bought the IPOD MINI.  When I got it and opened it up I was amazed at how small it was. It was crazy small!  Plus it holds around 1,000 songs.  Right now I have about 500 and it's a little over half-full on the memory. I got a 4GB IPOD MINI.  So, there is plenty of memory space for lots of songs.  The software was easy to install.  I thought it was tricky figuring out how to select songs and actually put them on the ipod.  But after a while I figured it out.  Also the volume on the ear phones is amazing. I almost blew out an eardrum by accidentally turning up the volume!  The only problem i've had so far with the ear pieces is that the foam ear pads keep coming off the earbuds.  NO biggie though.  I would recommend getting some sort of case to protect this thing since you've already paid $200 bucks what is another $20 to make sure it's safe!  There's plenty to choose from.  Charging is it easy, you just plug it into the usb port and it automatically starts charging it.  I have a computer so it's no biggie.  If you don't have a computer with a usb port its gonna be tough finding a place to recharge it.  I haven't tested the battery life yet, but it seems to be ok.  Probably more than what i need.  Lastly, I was a little worried that the songs would not transfer over to the itunes software. I have lots of songs that I got elsewhere :) I hoped they would transfer over to the other software and they did. They also sound great, the play fine. It's not a problem at all. Now i have over half of my music collection on this thing.  It's a really great product.  5 stars!!  

+ I just got my 6 gb mini for my birthday.  I also got most of the accessories as presents, too, so I don't have to worry about forking over the cost of the mini itself for them (seriously, mac).  I AM IN ELECTRO LOVE!  Wow, and I think this time it's for REALS.  :-)  I am coming fresh off the iRiver boat (funny how they use the "i" in front of their name, too), and have been extremely pleased with my little 256 mb player... and I do mean LITTLE.  BUT, I am extatically (word invention there) adding album after album on my iPod as I type this.  Yeah, it's kinda annoying to convert WMA files to AAC, but they do the work for you.  I love the organization, I love the style, I love the size, I love the balance between form AND function.  I do feel like I've just joined a cult of iPod users, however.  Oh well, not as bad as Mormonism  

+ Love it- need it- you must have it  - a must for people that love thier music want to share photos and present a slide show with family and friends. The 30GB is large enough to accomodate lots of images and tunes. The controls and navigation is simple - build quality is excellent - the color screen is clear and beautiful - well worth every penny.  

+ It stores a lot of music and photos, and fits in your pocket.  I'm a musician, so I can't live without my music; however, anyone who loves listening to music will enjoy it.  As with any other iPod, you can have everything you want to hear, whenever you want it, without carrying CDs.  The photo feature is also really cool.  I've had it for over a year and it's been working flawlessly!!!    

+ The Ipod is an amazing device that eliminates the need to carry around thousands of CD's, and allows one to create master mixes of their favorite music. The Ipod Photo even lets you at 25,000 of your favorite photos and place them in a nifty slide show viewer. yes, that's all wonderful and great, but there are some buyer beware issues with the Apple Ipod. First of all, sometimes the Ipod will "decide" to not work properly, i.e the turn dial will not turn, the Ipod will die on its own, the battery won't last that long. I have owned my 30 gig pod for about eight months now and it has acted funny since I got it. I try to take care of it the best that I can, but sometimes it seems that the IPod has a life of its own and can decide when it wants to work and when it wants to take a day off. Still, it's a remarkable piece of electronics and I highly recommend purchasing some kind of MP3 player if you are a jogger, biker or a music collector/lover.   

- I had my ipod for 2 months and everything went wrong...Let me start with the: 1) Battery- u need to buy at least 2 more batteries because the battery completeyl drains to where you can't listen to anything anymore. When that happens, all of that precious music that you spent 2 weeks or 2 months downloading is nonexistent, it deletes everything 2) A 30GB holds 7500 songs...I am a proud owner of the Sony NW-A3000 (20GB) it holds almost 15000 songs, that's right, 15000 songs 3) Trying to get support from apple is like being on life support and someone pulls the plug...enough said 4)Using itunes almost made me break my ipod from all the frustration. Sony uses sonicstage and it can be a royal pain to use, but that software compresses the files which give you more space on your player. A LOT MORE SPACE!!!  My Sony HW-A3000 may not hold videos (Which I never watched on my ipod anyway because I work out) or photos (for the same resason) but I've had it for 4 months and only had to recharge the battery completey 10 TIMES! SONY actually got it right this time There is an ipod killer, it's name is Sony NW-A3000  

- I bought a 30G iPod Photo a little over a year ago and was on my second replacement when just recently, outside the warranty (which of course goes from original purchase date, not replacement date), it's kaput again. Now if I have to pay $275 for Apple to fix or replace a three month old player! No way. THREE players on the blink, each after a few months - that isn't just bad luck.   That isn't even mentioning the difficulties with the iTunes software or if you change computers. I get a new PC and have to re-transfer 100s of CDs! How lame. That negates all the convenience of the large capacity (I wish other MP3 players had the storage space the iPods have).   I just can't justify spending more money to replace this limited, inferior POS again. So essentially over the last year I have spent about $1 a day to have a player and now I'm left with nothing. I will be buying a different player. I will spend far less than $275 and get something that will last more than three months, is compatible with the rest of the players in the world and is easy and convenient to load and use - obviously not an iPod! Unfortunately I can't transfer the music I spend hours and hours loading up (over and over). What a waste of money and time.  

- Theres some problems with it... Software   isent that good, lots problems,I hate usb port carger, runs down Laptop batteries faster  

+ Its true, the 4th generation 30 gig Apple Ipod is a very good product.  Is it great?  Well, maybe not.  But its not that this 4G model does not have every thing that some body wants out of an MP3 player, including video, the ability to hold and show pictures (about 25,000 of them), music (7,500 songs) and a pretty good battery life when listening to music of at least 10-15 hours per charge.  When writing a review of any Ipod I believe that you must mention Apple's Itunes software, which make is very easy to buy and download music to your Ipod, that is why it is the industry leader this in regard.  Also, the body of the Ipod is very slim, the menu of the device is very easy to figure out even if you have never used one before.  Within minutes of turning it on you will be able to understand how to download music, create play lists and arrange your music just the way that you want it.  Whether you like the Apple Ipod or not as an electronic device you have to give Apple credit for the fact that it is very easy to use, all the way around.    So, what's wrong with the Ipod?  Well, the fact that the battery life on this particular model is very limited when you are watching video on it, about two hours.  Also, while the screen of the 4G Ipod is very crisp and clean, it is just hard to view.  But then again, a small MP3 player like the Ipod is naturally going to have a small screen, there is really nothing you can do about that, it does though strain your eyes to view the screen for long periods of time. Also, the screen does scratch very, very, very easily.  Any thing will do it and I think that it is real down side to this product, it should have made so that any body could be able to carry it in their pocket without worrying about whether the screen is going to scratch or not.  That would resemble to me at least that it is a product that is made to last, instead of one that is made to last until next Ipod comes out so that maybe you have to buy another one.  I would really recommend that you purchase a protective case for any Ipod that you buy because they all seem to scratch pretty easy.  Having been a fan of Apple products throughout the years I would say that this product is worth a four out of five.  I wish that all Ipod came with a home docking station instead of just the USB cable to charge and download music.  I think they sell those docks for 20 bucks, but they make them for only 5 in China and it would great if they included that in the package.  The sound quality of the Ipod is very good, and it should be for a couple of hundred bucks but if Apple doesn't make some changes to the 6G Ipod which is probably due out right before Christmas 2006 I believe that other players could offer some resistance to Apple's market share.  This includes adding wi-fi, maybe a built in satellite radio function, perhaps different colors for the Ipod, touch face design, maybe a wide screen, it has to be some thing to set the Ipod a part from every other MP3 player out there.  All coupled with at least 20 hour battery life with music and 10 hour battery life with video, I think that is one thing that every body can agree on.    

+ I've owned my ipod Photo 30 GB for three years now, and the only problem I've really had has been with the original ear buds wearing out. I found OEM replacements on EBay for cheap:  they're good enough for me right now.  I am glad I purchased a neoprene case to protect the fragile little whizzer from the get go.  I have dropped it a few times, and the case saved its life.  

- If this was 2002, I'd say "go for it", but today... I must say "don't bother" -- this thing is small and thin, but the interface sucks, and is waaaay out of date. Not to mention 256 Megs is nothing in today's world. Get an iPod or a comperable mp3 player that is more current technology. This thing deserves to have "Hello Kitty" stickers placed on it, and be marketed to kids.   

+ Although I like the product overall, I'm frustrated with the useless nickel-sized ear buds.  They are very uncomfortable and do not stay in place. If you buy this product, get a pair of ear buds as well   

+ I bought the ipod photo 30 gb a month ago. I have to say that is the best mp3 player I have been able to know.  pros:  1. you can use it like a external hard drive 2. clear pictures and a lot of them 3. a lot of music 4. good design 5. the perfect software  cons  1. the only one. Short battery life. When I use it with my Itrip in my car it only last for 4 hours.   

- I bought the ipod photo and I was extremely excited. I brought it home and installed the software and everything looked good to go. I had to change all of my wma audio files to mp3 to put on itunes and that was a horrible pain. I have over 500 albums and I had maybe 12 done after over 3 hours. Anyway after just a bit the ipod started saying do not disconnect. This would not leave the screen. I tried turning it on and off, ejecting from comp, etc. I troubleshot for over 5 hours to no avail, I reinstalled it 5 times. No go. What a piece of crap. Apple prides itself on the ipod but it is a bunch of conformist garbage and I would never wish my grief on anyone. I'm gonna buy an iriver. Screw ipod. Ifthat stupid U2 commercial doesn't turn you off I hope this review will DO NOT BUY ONE!!! (...)  

+ I had a really hard time choosing between the 20 gig iPod and the 30 gig photo but I definitely made the right decision in the end. It is DEFINITELY worth the extra $50, don't kid yourselves. You're getting another 10 gigs, the awesome color screen (some of you may not care about this feature, but I love it and it's so much more fun and bright than the b/w models), the photo capability (I enjoy this, too!) and some other stuff. Like they say, everything looks better in color! I got all geeky on my iTunes library and tracked down all the album covers I could find so I could see them when the songs play.  Now, for those of you who don't have USB 2.0 or Firewire, like me a while ago, a company called TechGear makes a nifty little device that looks like a pen drive called the USB 2.0 2-port transfer hub. It's compatible with USB 1.1 and you can plug it right in your USB 1.1 port and then you've got two 2.0 ports. It's about 15 dollars, I'm sure you can find it on Amazon (I got it at Circuit City).   For those with Windows XP worried about having to install Service Pack 2 (or rip your hair out trying to get it because you don't actually own a copy of Windows XP, like me), don't bother. This didn't cause me one problem and I was installing the software and listening to songs on my iPod in minutes. I don't know about other version of Windows, though. This was a huge relief. SP2 is nothing but problems and I don't want them on my computer.  One of my favorite things about the iPod would have to be how freaking loud it can go. I like my music nice and loud and this more than quenches my thirst for that. Especially in the mornings, I usually put on something heavy and loud to keep me awake (and everyone else around me on the subway). Seriously everyone, this thing can go ridiculously loud.   Anyways, put a b/w and a color iPod next to one another (I did so at BestBuy with some demo versions the day I purchased mine) and if you are going to look at both and buy the 20 gig you are cheating yourself. Splurge a bit! You deserve it! Like I said, the extra $50 is worth it and than some. Don't make the wrong decision, 30 gig photo all the way. I highly recommend!!!!!!  

+ As I recieved the 30GB Apple iPod for a gift I was thrilled.  I had been wanting to get one for a long time and finally had one in my hands.  Man, was I excited.  There are many things that make the iPod Photo VERY different from the 20GB iPod and the 60GB iPod Photo.  I will compare the Apple iPod 30GB to each of it's competitors that most buy may buy instead.  Apple iPod Photo 30GB vs. Apple iPod Photo 60GB  You may think: "Wow, 60GB is a lot of memory and it can't be much more bigger than the 30GB, right?" Wrong.  You will NEVER use all of the 60GB unless you have the enourmously large music collection of somewhere in the neighborhood of 15,000 songs.  If you just so happen to have 15,000 songs waiting to be put in an iPod, knock yourself out and go for the 60GB.  7,500 songs is still a great deal of songs, and if each album has 20 songs, then it would fit 375 Albums.  The main thing that comes to mind is that the 30GB is WAY lighter than the 60GB model.  I messed around with my Uncle's 60GB and it was very heavy. It was also very thick, also. When I opened the 30GB, it was as light as a feather, and extremely thin compared to the 60GB.  Also, my Uncle was having all sorts of problems with his 60GB iPod, and I have yet to have one single problem with mine.  Apple iPod Photo 30GB vs. Apple iPod 20GB  There really isnt any contest here.  The overly priced 20GB comes  in black and white while the 30GB comes in color.  Also, you can see the album cover on the 30GB and nothing on the 20GB.  You may not really need the Photo feature, but if you do, the 30GB holds a ton of photos, where the 20GB does not have the capability to store photos.  Basically for only $50 more, you get many excellent features that make the iPod much more fun.  The color screen, photo storing, album cover viewing, 10 more gigs(2,500 more songs), AND more battery life.  The 30GB has a 15 hour battery life while the 20GB only has 12 hours.  If you ask me, that's well worth a 50 Bucks.  Overall, I Highly reccomend the Apple 30GB iPod Photo. I love it and wouldn't change anything about it!  

+ I must preface this review with a confession.  I am *NOT* an Apple fan, but I'm slowing beginning to see the merit in many of the Apple products today.  My first computer was an Apple //e, and then I just moved on...  ...Twenty years later, I found myself looking for a birthday gift for The Wife.  I decided to get her something she could use to store the hundreds of pictures we have taken of our son.  I'm a believer of convergence, so I wanted to also put her music collection in the same device.  I immediately looked at Archos, iRiver, and Creative for their solutions.  Each one in turn was compared to the Apple iPod Photo.  Each one fell short.  Some had more storage but less battery life.  Some had difficult UI issues, others had navigation that was less than intuitive.  If the thing was for me, I'd have gone with the Archos for the storage size.  But The Wife doesn't need to be confused or annoyed with UI choices and over-capability.  Simple, direct, useful.  It doesn't hurt that the iPod is stylish, either.  I ordered one, and the optional dock, and the Griffin iTrip.  Took delivery quickly, opened up the well-designed packing, and was suprised at how small the iPod was.  Also, Apple will engrave a few sentences for free if you order directly.  Since this was a gift, that was the route I took.  Some things I didn't like?  Price.  The dock being made optional in this iteration of the iPod.  The lack of a Firewire cable, or AV cables.  Apple should be bundling these items with the iPod; breaking them out to soak customers will likely hurt them later.  If you accept the pricing and grab the optional items, you're in for a treat.  It worked perfectly out of the box.  Install the software, install the dock, dock the iPod.  I had her songs transferred over in less than an hour, her photos of our boy in less than ten minutes.  All 30 gigabytes were filled, too.  Now she has Axe from Brazil, Depeche Mode, and Metallica to get her to work and back; and now she can show off all 600 pictures of The Boy wherever she goes.    And she can finally stop asking me where all the pictures of The Boy are, because they will always be synchronized to the iPod.  And when she wants to hear her music, the iTrip will transmit on any free FM frequency to her car radio, or the kitchen radio, or wherever... and hopefully, she likes her birthday present.  Fred  

+ The iPod photo is without a qualm the most prevailing mp3 player on the bazaar. This apparatus is exceedingly astounding. Occasionally, I have thus had a intricate time figuring out how they essentially prepared such a device as grand as this. The sound quality is dazzling. The look is outstanding. The grip is exceptional. And if you're as near as rich as Nick Manos, the price is stupendous. Overall I bestow this item vast praise. Do yourself a favor and acquire one now!  

+ If you're like me, you see a new product like the iPod Photo and the techno-lust starts to kick in. The price of the new have-to-have gadget gives you pause, so you read online reviews and start to save your soda cans. Then the day comes. You shell out your hard-earned dollars, and you now have that cool gadget in your hands. Then after a few weeks or months, that had-to-have gadget sits on your desk collecting dust. All the fun was in the wanting, and the product never really lived up to the hype.  Well, let me be the first to tell you... This was not the case with the iPod Photo. I love this thing!  All Your Music - Everywhere You Go: My entire CD collection fits on this thing with plenty of room to spare. Did I mention that this device is smaller than a deck of cards? No more lugging around a handful of CDs wishing that you remembered to grab that other CD on the way into work. Not to mention that with the iPod Photo I can grab the album art from somewhere like say ... Amazon.com, and it displays when I play a track from the CD. You can't do that with the standard iPods as far as I know. The battery life is great. After charging all night, I listen to music on my one hour commute into work, eight hours at work (some days), and then an hour on the way home again. Not even close to running out of power. The sound quality is great, and for headphone listening there's more than enough power to make your ears bleed ... this is a good thing in my opinion.  So if you've never owned an iPod before, what makes this thing so great?  Discover New Music: The iTunes Store offers more than 1 million songs, some of which you may have never heard of for only 99 cents a song, and sometimes even for free. That's FREE as in Beer (and that's always a great thing).  Discover Podcasts: What are podcast? Think of them as talk radio broadcasts that you can listen to whenever you want. There are podcasts on just about any topic you can think of:  sports talk, political opinion, tech-geek news, movie and music reviews, and my favorite "The Dawn and Drew Show" (which defies definition ... think ADHD Seinfeld with an R rating).  Audio Books: Listen to those books you've been meaning to read, but never have the time. One Minute Manager, Seven Habits, etc ...  Carry Your Contact List: Now I've ditched my (dusty) PDA since my contact list was really the main reason I had to carry one. You can upload your entire contact list to your iPod, and phone numbers, email addresses, everything is right there with you.  Photos on your iPod: Aside from the CD cover art, this is not a feature I've played with yet ... what can I say ... I have to sleep sometime.  My advice is buy the 60GB if you can afford it, but my 30GB is not even half full yet. Either way... Give in to your techno-lust and BUY ONE!  

+ I got my 30 Gig iPod photo yesterday. I LOVE IT. Everyone at school today was jealous of because i have one. I had a 15 GB ipod before it was stolen, and this one is a little bit thicker and heaviver. But really, its so awesome i love it the album art and everything its great. The color screen is really good. get one  

+ I was holding out on purchasing an apple iPod photo. I didn't want to give into the hype, i was waiting for the perfect mp3 player, but the bottom line is that there is none. I was either going to purchase this or a creative zen touch 40gb. I opted to go with the iPod photo. I'm not a supporter of mac whatsoever, but the iPod impressed me. 30gb is more than ample room for those musid hoarders like myself. Apple says 30 gb of music but 5gb itself is taken up already, due to the awesome programs such as games, contacts, calendars, etc. that apple pre-installed. I'll give my pros and cons below, but overall this is an awesome product, no mp3 player out there is a match. DON'T PURCHASE creative mp3 hd based mp3 players. The hd usually freezes up within 6 months of use even less and you have to send it back to creative for a hd repair, but the customer service is crap to say the least.  Pro: - 3o gb of space plenty of room - album art capabilities - easy user interface in iPod as well as program supplied to transfer music. iTunes   Cons: - although it shows album art the downfall of it is you have to manually upload those album arts. Typically it shows if u have purchased the dl through iTunes, but like me i download music from another source, there are already album art included with the music, but iTunes does not transfer the art into the iPod. You have to purchase a separte program such as iart to make it easier on yourself  - low sound. As compared to the creative i purchased the sound on the iPod is not impressive. You would think with the amount you're paying it would. I suggest getting better earphones which boosts the sound quality   Overall iPod photo 30gb is well worth the money  

+ Well, let me start by saying that this is a very good product. But it is FAR from perfect. I have many complaints, often quite petty (after all, this is my first iPod), but for the $300 or so price tag I expect CLOSE to perfect...   Quibbles:  1. You can't load pictures directly from the camera/memory card onto the iPod. Or, rather, you can't view photos loaded directly. In order to view photos, they must be moved to your computer and loaded through the iPhoto software. This is a MAJOR dissapointment for anyone travelling with their iPod and camera.   2. The (necessary) iTunes software is not compatible with Windows 98 or ME. Devastating to those of us with older computers full of MP3s.   3. The iTunes software is constantly redirecting me to their store. Very obnoxious.   4. I firmly believe that any product that costs me around a week's salary should come with all the necessary accessories. Noticably absent: a carrying case (if you dont want it severely scratched), flash card reader, fire wire, decent headphones, etc. etc. All told, be ready to sink another hundred (or three...) on "fun add-ons".   5. Could they not add some better games?? My cell phone has way better games than this. My TI-83 calculator (yeah, I was a bit of a nerd in high school) had better games than this. What a waste of a color screen...   Complaints aside, the iPod still rocks. The sound quality and design are unsurpassed; the software and database style song sorting are strong - there are clear reasons why the iPod is becoming a cultural icon of the digital age. But, given the price and potential for improvement, I wish I'd waited for a better version.   

- I love the Ipod when it works, but I have had three die on me out of the blue.  I have taken care of all of them.  They have not been dropped or exposed to high or low temperatures.  It's easy to get them replaced if you pay extra for Applecare.  That's definitely worth it.  If you have not already invested in getting your music onto Itunes, look closedly at other MP3 players before getting locked into Ipod.  At this point, I have 6000 songs rated on Itunes.  It would take too much time to switch.  

+ Was I ever surprised when my husband purchased this nifty photo iPod for me as a birthday present when they first came out on the market.  Being the techno wizard that he is, he thought it would be fun for me to have not only almost all of my music collection at my fingertips, but to also be able to enjoy many of our family photographs as well.    I'm sorry to say that I don't have any tips for loading all your pictures on because I let my husband play with that part since he's so good at it. But I doubt that I would have had a problem with it either.    As with all iPod products, a case is a necessity to keep it from getting scratched.   I initially had a skin for mine, but wasn't completely happy with that set up.  My bonus daughter gave me a wonderful turquoise leather flip case that allows easy access to the wheel and an unobstructed view of the screen.   With all the other in depth reviews here, I won't go into a lot of the specifics of the technology, except to say that it seems there would be a better way to navigate through to find particular songs or artists or albums.  But whoever thought 10 years ago, we would be able to have this cool device in the first place?  So I'm grateful for what it does do - gives me hours of pleasure listening to all my favorite music and browsing through my photograph collection up close and personal with the easy click and twirl of my fingers or thumb.  I now call my fun new toy "Mimi's Next Generation Brag Book" because while other mothers and grandmothers whip out their photo albums from their handbags to brag on their Johnny and Susie, I whip out my cool new iPod Photo and twirl my thumb around and find extensive files of family photos from weddings and vacations to pictures of our new grandchildren.    Unfortunately, not long ago, I was carrying my iPod in my bag when I threw in a bottle of water without the cap being screwed on properly.  When I discovered the mess in my bag later that day, my iPod was wet, and somehow the inside of the screen was showing moisture.  We dried it out completely -- in a low temp oven -- yes, we did.  The files were intact and the music still played beautifully, but the pictures couldn't be seen clearly because there was no backlight now.  After sending it off to the factory, we received a message that the backlight was damaged.  Replacing that part would have just about paid for a new one, so we opted not to get it repaired.    I still love listening to this iPod and haven't experienced any other problems.  The music comes through beautifully and transports me to another realm when I'm plugged in.    - Victoria Austin ("MiMi" to Sam & Laryn)   

+ the company sent me a great product, at a great price. im glad there is an ebay to shop around for great deals.  

+ Very Good !  As far as the owner, the ipod is well take care.  

+ Just ignore the simpleton from June 12, 2005 who talked about the iPod charger being incompatible with overseas 220v.  Like your laptop, all you need is a cheap adaptor to plug it into the wall socket.  There's absolutely no risk of damaging a US spec iPod if you travel outside the country - I`ve done it plenty of times.  On the other hand, taking your iPod on vacation without your charger is a tad foolish - hardly Apple's fault!  I'm often discouraged to see people who post reviews on Amazon that are more to do with their own shortcomings rather than the product itself.  The 60GB Photo is my 2nd iPod.  Yes it's a little expensive, but I use it daily and find it to be a first rate MP3 player.   

+ I purchased my iPod Photo for the express reason of taking it to Europe along with my digital camera, my girlfriend has dig cam also. This was our first trip abroad and 14 days in Italy we knew that we would be taking tons of pics and I didn't want to lug around my laptop, so I looked around and decided to get the 60 gig version. Before we left I added over 30 hrs of music, not much for some but more than enough for me. We ended up taking more than 2700 pics over that week and half and the iPod took them all in with no problems. I purchased Apples camera connector, $29? and the world travel adapter kit from Apple also, the travel adaptors allow you to simply change the style of plug that is on the power adaptor that comes with your iPod or your laptop for that matter, the cool thing is you don't need a power converter for your Apple products, just pop off the plug replace it with the one for the part of the world you are going to and you're set. With no problems I was able to plug it in and charge it all over Italy, and download all our pics from both cameras. So instead of having to keep an eye on a big bag with a laptop and worry about it being stolen I was able to keep my camera and my iPod in a fanny pack and I never had a worry. For those of you out there with high end digital cameras and you don't want to pack a laptop this is the way to go, Plenty of space for even large files. As for those folks that find the controls difficult all I can think is that they don't understand simple file formating and higherarchy.  One last thing, you can also use your iPod as an external hard drive to copy and transfer any files you want from one computer to another, and it's drive is big enough for anyone. I couldn't be happier, and like the engraving on the back of my iPod states "Travel is the Best Revenge"  

+ I've used the iPod 60GB as a travel hard drive that I use to store digital images.  I found it to be very fast with the optional fire wire connection cable and very stable--it always works and had no difficulty taking 30 Gigs of images.  It's noiseless, had excellent design features, and is powered through the comptuer--another words 'invisible' when it should be.  I have no hesitation in recommending this product.  

+ Apple has dominated the MP# market and when you buy one you will understand.  

+ The iPod series has gained an incredibly loyal following over the years. With the release of the iPod Photo 60 gig, Apple has created a machine that can hold entire music collections - and more.  For those of us who remember the days of giant 128mb MP3 players, to have a 60 gig small hand-held is just amazing. It is barely the size of a pack of cigarettes. The case is white plastic on the front and SHINY silver metal on the back, which will scratch in about .2 seconds unless you're careful. Be sure to buy a protector immediately.  Exercise enthusiasts will note that there ARE moving parts inside here - you can feel it buzz slightly when you do some file operations. It is more akin to a CD player than to a radio. If you are riding an exercise bike, this will be no problem. If you're jogging, that's another issue entirely. Active people should stick with flash memory style systems with no moving parts. Of course the funny part of this is that the commercials all show iPod users dancing around like maniacs.  You might wonder just how you could fill up 60 gig of space legally. Being a musician and friends of many musicians, I of course HIGHLY encourage you to pay for all of your music. It's only 99 cents a song - and you are helping to keep musicians fed and promoted. In any case, the iPod makes it easy to store what you've got. I can get about 3,000 songs in 10 gig. For a youngster just getting started in the work world, this might be a high achievement in CD ownership. But for most adults that I know, especially adults in a relationship, it is easy to have 300+ CDs in the house. You collect them over the years, as your musical interests change and new bands come out. This iPod finally lets you put all your music in one place and hit SHUFFLE. It is really cool to play music for days and days and have it all be different.  The photo aspect is really neat, too. The screen is 220 x 176 which gives you a nice resolution for most photos. There are hundreds of applications for this. You can carry photos of family and friends. You can carry photos of birds for birdwatching. You can carry trip photos. You can carry poison ivy identification photos when you camp. True, a very detailed image (say a class photo with 500 people in it) is going to be too tiny to see. But a nice well-done photo (say a Titmouse on a branch) will be perfect for your needs.  The interface is really easy to use and needs no manual. You slide up and down to choose an item, and click to accept it. There's a clock, calendar, contact manager, and fun games. I really like the 'music quiz' where it plays a snippet of one of your songs and makes you guess which one it is. Since you obviously loaded all the songs onto your iPod you would think this would be easy - but if you have a large library, it can be amazingly hard!  Best of all, recent price drops have made this all-around favorite surprisingly affordable. If you've got a decently sized collection of CDs, and some photos you'd love to carry with you, I highly recommend this device. It's well worth the price.  

+ Got my Ipod Photo 60GB 1 week ago from [...] Have been playing with it since.I love it. Box contains: - Ipod photo 60, AC Adapter and USB cable for charging/connect. Bought:  -Ipod Case - Belkin Sports Skin($12.54) @ walmart store..cheapest at the best price...other cases with same silicone were ridiculously $29.99 and up...! - Apple Audio-video cable from Apple Store...(other cables dont work, tried it. Bestbuy, Target and CircuitCity had not heard of this cable..can u believe it...Bestbuy said 3 yrs. they have not heard it...take our audio cables instead...no video..anyway!). - Apple camera connector @ Amazon - Car Cassette adapter @ Amazon (later found walmart has it cheaper!) - Griffin Ear Jams @ Amazon...(Apple headphones are useless without this!...you need this!) Hope this helps any one trying to decide on an MP3 player. And oh yes...No other MP3 player comes close to the simplicity and ease of use of Ipod....researched a lot of mp3 players....the only close runner-up was Toshiba Gigabeat....but realized later that an Ipod is after all an Ipod... About Podcasting and Ipods - a combination made in heaven. All in all love it!.   

+ When I was looking for a compatible mp3 player for my audible book downloads, it was months of looking.  I, of course, knew that the ipod could do it, but it was way out of my price range. I bought a rio player, it was not good enuff.  I bought a dell juke box, I LOVED it and still do, but found out that it couldn't do audible books (I have about 300 of them).  Then I got Nomad Zen Xtra. Now that was very nice unit and I liked it,  but I couldn't get very many books stored on it.  After having spent so much money on these devices I thought  "Why not get an ipod?".  So I looked at the selections of ipods and their reviews.  The photo ipod has the least negative reviews and contained lots of storage space. Also on Amazon it was cheaper.  The reviews are correct as to the problems and I have sworn several times at my ipod, but all in all with PATIENCE (sorry lousey in spelling)the ipod works fine. The music sounds good and the books come across great. One of the features I love is that you can speed up the narration without distorting the sound.  I can listen to a 6 hour book in approximately 4 hours for example.  You have to be very gentle with it and be well acquainted with the different menues. It has been a learning experience with me, and continues to be.  Best advice when the device seems dead (blank screen) and nothing revives it hold the "menu" key and center button down for 7 sec or more until apple design shows up. The instructions tell you to do it and you will find it most useful.  To reinterate: 1) best not for young children 2) best not for impatience people 3) excellent for audiophiles 4) design is perfect for holding 5) excellent for walking and running  Blair  

+ This is my first iPod and I LOVE it!!  I have all of my 200 cds on it and still 50+ GB free.  Amazing.  Plus I have pictures on it that I've transferred from my camera.  

+ True to its promise it is a great music player and the itunes software is intuitive and makes it easy to create playlists.  The enclosed earbuds are so-so - but it does work as promised, and in my case needed a large chunk of the 60GB though in total between photos and music using about 26GB - so unless you own 500+ cd's 60GB may be more than you need.  The photo bit works as promised but while the screen is sharp the pictures seem a tad fuzzy to me, and while the concept of a slideshow is nice not really using it that much.  Also haven't used the TV slideshow feature which would probably make me like the photo bit more.  I think there is a way to store the whole photo file not just a cut down version - so it becomes sort of a backup.  But I have too many photos to do that for.  I also bought it to store my contacts/calendar - and they make it sound easy.  Well perhaps for MAC users - but for a PC user regardless of my trying to use Palm Desktop or Outlook the contact feature doesn't seem to work and the process is horribly explained - just plain awful.  Also one note of caution - if you are going to carry it around in bag or pocket probably worth getting a cover/case.  Almost immediately I noticed a small scratch on the screen - I was obviously not being careful enough.  Unless you treat with kid gloves - get a cover.   

+ I selected the 60 GB iPod Photo mainly because I listen to a lot of [...]books. Also, the idea of loading all of my digital photos on a portable device was appealing. The audio books that I had previously downloaded for my Audible Otis player worked fine when loaded onto the iPod using iTunes for Windows. I also love the access to Podcasts from iTunes. Viewing pictures on the iPod screen is not too impressive, but when viewed on my 56" TV they are very bright and sharp. Playing music with the slide show is a nice feature. I found that it is necessary to use Photoshop Album to organize the pictures before downloading on to the iPod. Copying files directly from folders did not work very well since they are all deleted and reloaded any time you make a change. With Album, only the changes are downloaded. The camera adaptor from Apple worked fine with my Panasonic FZ10 camera USB cable. The photos are stored in a file on the iPod disk for copying to your computer. The photos from the camera can be viewed on the iPod screen, but they cannot be displayed on a TV until they are imported from the PC using iTunes. I currently have about 938 songs and 4663 pictures on the iPod using about 8 GB of storage. The only problem I encountered during the initial setup was the requirement to update the system to the Windows format. It was necessary to reboot my computer after this to get iTunes to recognize the iPod. Also, I have noticed that the iPod has reset itself a few times and one time I had to force a reset after it stopped responding. The rewind button does not seem work reliably with the Audible books and it often loses the bookmark when I return to continue listening. Overall, I am very happy with the iPod Photo.  

- But now its gone bad!! Iriver support is not responding. I can't down load the updater to my H10,it won't reformat, and emails are getting me nowhere. Worst yet I miss my music. Like a relationship gone bad, it was great while it lasted, but the end was really sour.   

- I am actually on my 3rd H10 having had to receive 2 RMA numbers from iRiver.     The number of issues I have w/ this thing is difficult to even tally up.  Generally I wouldn't bother writing a reveiw; however, this morning I find myself having to wipe the piece of cr*p clean for the 30th time and re-syncing several thousand songs once again.  I'm not even going to bother.  I'm just going to go buy a new mp3 player and be done w/ it.  If you buy one of these things after reading this then I can only assume you are a masochist.  

+ While I wasn't ecstatic about receiving an iRiver (I wanted an Ipod), once I started using it I really loved it. It works well with Windows media player, I didn't have to download any software and moving around the menu is extremely easy. I didn't have the charging and battery problems everyone else had, but maybe that's because I read the manual. You don't have to connect to the computer to charge it; you need only connect the mp3 side of the usb cable to your player and THEN connect the ac adapter to player/wall. The only thing I needed to do to my player was update the firmware, which was easy if you can follow directions. Songs aren't always played in order (kind of annoying), but not so much that it ruined my experience with the player. SMART and AFFORDABLE BUY!  

+ Got this as a gift for my Girl Friend.  She is very pleased with it.  She has had it for about 18 months now, uses it every day, and it works as well as the day she got it.  

+ Without a doubt the best player out there. I was blown away by the build quality and attention to detail, iriver really put a lot of work into this. You will wish your cell phone/PDA could even come close to this quality. Took it out of the box, pluged it into usb port and opened explorer (just like a drive letter!), draged mp3s to it, done within 5 min of opening the box. No need to use Windows Medeia Player. A really cool feature lets you record from the FM radio to. By the way the display resolution is 128 x 128 so you can optimize photos (not in the manual or web site). If you are deciding between Ipod and the H10, there is no comparison other than GB, this unit makes the Ipod look like a cheap kids toy.  

+ I love this thing it's way better than any other mp3 player I've used. Here are the specs: FEATURES  * Plays up to 150 hours of digital music* * 5GB of internal storage** * Vivid color display * Ultra-intuitive interface with convenient touch strip * Displays your digital photos * Slim, lightweight design * PlaysForSure enabled to play more of your music * Rechargeable, removable battery lasts up to 12hrs. * Built-in FM tuner and FM recorder * Integrated voice recorder * Ultra-fast USB 2.0 transfers * Supports MP3, WMA, JPEG and TXT files * Enhanced 3D audio (supports SRS WOW  PACKED WITH  * iriver earphones * Carrying case with belt clip * USB 2.0 interface cable * Installation CD * AC adapter  PC SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS  * Windows XP (Service Pack 1 or higher) * CD-ROM Drive * USB Port  It has a great navigation system almost as good as the iPods click wheel.(but that thing is really hard to match) It's features rival that of it's opponents and tops them all. The 3 players I checked out were the iPod mini, the creative zen micro, and of course the H10. I didn't think the Mini was worth $250 when it can't use Napster has no microphone or radio. The Zen micro was my 2nd choice because it has a radio and mic plus it looks way cool with the blue LED in the back and the colors but that is more of a gimmic than a plus and the touch pad doesn't work that well. Then I saw this by accident actually. I downloaded Napster onto my comp and was looking at it's special offers to see what would work with it. I was going to get the zen micro then I finally checked this thing out and I was captured. Since the iRiver H230 looked ugly I never cared abought them but this thing is beautiful and it looks professional. The color screen is a little to small but it looksamazing compared to most LCD screens like the iPod so when you turn it the image isn't negative. It's simplistic button layout is a definate plus which makes it so you don't have to take much time to get used to it. Also it has volume control on the side unlike the zen and iPod. The sorage is fine with me because I don't need my entire music collection with me at all times. However you can't directly link your H10 to a digital camera. Plus it has a few minor bugs. Hopefully iriver will make a firmware update.(mud slinging lol must be a fanboy of iriver) I wish the price was $250 so it could compete with the iPod mini and zen micro easily. But when you make an investment like this you know it's going to work and it does. It also comes with a great iskin which protects it from any fall. This thing is small though I was suprised when I opened it up. Supposedly it weighs less than the iPod mini and it's a photo player!!!  what I said up there ^ is an out of the box reviewwhich you shouldn't trust after only a week of having this machine it is a pain in the @ss. iRiver should be ashamed of themselves for releasing such a premature item with all its bugs. this thing doesn't like a lot of computers and has problems with freezing but worst of all it can't play albums in track order. this is terrible for people like me who listen to bands like green day and linkin park who use transitions in their songs but even then there are pauses inbetween songs. If I bought a camera I'd expect it to work without having to wait a long time for it to be fixed. iRiver has terrible american support which is unacceptable even if they are based in korea. I can't give this thing anything higher than a 3 because it's faults are too big. this had a lot going for it but iRiver being as smart as they are released it way too early  

- I ordered the H10 and have now sent it back.  I have had problems similar to those many others listed.  The radio worked great and picked up even distant stations well.  The user interface and size are fantastic.  However, when I loaded music with WMP10, it would not work.  This includes MP3s and WMAs ripped from my own CDs as well as Napster to Go.  I uninstalled and reinstalled WMP10 and got the latest download from Microsoft.  Using this and USB 2.0 on both a Falcon Northwest Pentium 4 3.06 MHz (XP Home) and a Sony Vaio laptop (XP Professional), I had the same problems with both computers and had to conclude that the device was not functional.  The names of the songs jumbled such that artist names were linked to songs of different artists.  The menu and directories were all goofed up.  Many songs loaded but wouldn't play.  Some would play a few times and then everything would jumble up.  Tech support from iRiver was virtually nonexistent.  I sent it back and ordered a Zen Micro today.  I'm hoping I'll have more success.  Overall, the H10 is a very nice device conceptually but it might be better to wait for a later model with more stable technology if you want to order this player.  

- I got this product about 2 weeks ago.  In spite of hours spent on researching tips from the Misticriver forum and trying all sorts of different ways, the product has not worked correctly.  The playlists do not work, the lists by artists and album is corrupted.  The tech support, which is open only during business hours, has at least 45 minute wait.  They clearly do not have answers to the problems with playlists, etc.  My inquiries via email have been unanswered.  It is clear that the product was prematurely launched to coincide with the Napster to Go campaign.  It is a nice paperweight, if you can afford to spend over $250 for a paperweight!  

+ I have other iRiver products so when I decided I wanted to go with Napster To Go (monthly subscription service that lets you "rent" tracks for compatible players), I knew I would go with iRiver.  The H10 is an elegant little machine -- very nice to look at and solidly built. The interface on the player isn't all that great, occasionally confusing, but it works.  I have had no problems getting music onto the player. It works well with the Napster software. I play albums -- in track order -- by creating playlists in Napster and transfering those playlists onto the player. It's a snap.  And the sound is wonderful. I've been using some pretty good Sony headphones so far and have been satisfied with the sound quality. I have some Shure phones coming soon and expect it to sound even better.  Bottom line. For me the player has been almost flawless.  

+ I RECIEVED THIS UNIT YESTERDAY, HAD IT SET UP AND RUNNING  THE SAME EVENING, AND FOR A OVER 50 GUY, I MUST SAY I LOVE THIS THING.........MY OLDIES AND CLASSICAL MUSIC NEVER SOUNDED SO GOOD!!! I FOUND IT VERY SIMPLE TO USE, AND THE COLOR SCREEN HAS A NICE BRIGHT DISPLAY FOR US FOLK THAT MIGHT NEED TO WEAR GLASSES, EITHER CASE BUY IT, CHARGE IT UP BEFORE USING IT, AND BE PREPARED TO BE BLOWN AWAY  BY THE MOST BEAUTIFUL STEREO  YOU HAVE EVER HEARD OUT OF A TINY LITTLE UNIT THAT CAN FIT IN YOUR SHIRT POCKET...BY THE WAY YOU MUST PICK UP A SET OF BOSE TRI PORT HEAD PHONES TO GIVE THE IRIVER H10  THE FULL POTENTIAL OF THIS BREATHTAKING STEREO DEVICE  

- I was given the iriver H10 as a gift.  Upon opening the box, two inserts read,"STOP, before returning this product........."  That should have been my first clue that something was wrong.  The second insert recommended that I contact iriver via e-mail if I had a problem.  I did contact them, over a week ago, still no response!  The product is terrible!  It copied my whole MY documents file.  I tried to delete it, it wouldn't allow me to do so.  Now, when I return the product for a FULL refund, I have to make sure the salesperson can delete my files in the H10.  Also, EVERY time I tried to download files, it froze my computer!  Absolutely the worst!  Don't buy it.  

+ When this mp3 player was first announced and I started to see it all over the net, I was excited. I am a long time iRiver enthusiast (also an anti iPod) and their first micro hard drive mp3 player looked great, with a color screen, and of course tons of other features that iRiver always includes. (By the way, this is where Apple falls short - they dish out the same thing over and over, saying it's a "new generation" iPod with nothing different except the front design. The iPod never has extra features except games, it has terrible battery life, and plus it looks rather uninteresting to me, though not overly ugly.)  Unfortunately for me, when I ordered this iRiver H10 from Amazon (just two weeks ago it cost $271 now it costs 280, I have no clue as to why) they sent the wrong product! I had to return it and order from Newegg. In any case, the red version of this player looks simply amazing. Great sleek design, beautiful color screen, and the red metallic color tops it off. It's a lot lighter than I expected, you have to feel it in your hand for this fact to hit you. The button layout is bot intuitive and comfoprtable.  When I turned this player on my amazement didn't cease. The color screen had better resolution than my color cell phone! The touch pad worked a lot better and easier than Zen Micro's touch pad. I proceeded to plug it into my computer to start downloading music into it. I had no problems with syncing with Windows Media Player, only a slight learning curve. I certainly didn't experience any freezing or crashing problems that many other people mentioned. It might be that they had defective products or their computers are somehow incompatible, though I can't imagine why. After I got some songs into it I listened to the sound quality. Amazing sound. There are thirty or so different preset EQ modes, including an SRS WOW that you can customize, and another Custom EQ. The default EQ is nothing compared to SRS.  So far no problems. The only thing that annoyed me about this player is that it arranges songs in alphabetical order, even if there are numbers in front of them. Let's say you copy a cd into your computer and sync it into the H10. When you rip from cds using WMP, then it automatically puts track numbers into the music files. For example: 01 Foreward 02 Don't Stay 03 Somewhere I Belong etc  When you download it into the player, the numbers are gone and you see the songs arranged in alphabetical order, even when you browse song titles in albums. This can be remedied by changing the titles of the songs like this: 01 songtitle to 01 - songtitle  put a space, a dash, and then another space in between the number and title. Then, go to properties for that song and do the same thing in "Summary" where you input the title, artist, album, etc. Doing this with all the songs should put them in the original album's order. I just found this extremely annoying to do with hundreds of songs, and iRiver should fix this bug.  In any case, I found this player to be out of the ordinary, with great quality sound, beautiful design, and a handful of extra features like text and photo viewing.  And by the way, I know how annoying iRiver support is, with unresponsive service and the like. iRiver orginates from Korea, and the service is a lot better there, along with product quality, and I heard they have no bugs over there. So maybe it's just over here in the US that the problems are occuring.  

- I love iriver products, and was blown away with the sound on this player, but I had UNRESOLVABLE problems with the player and Windows Media 10. I downloaded the "fix" from the iRiver site, but I just couldn't get it to work without re-running the "fix" over and over again. Finally, I returned the player to Best Buy, severely disappointed.  They need to create a new version of iRiver Music Manager as an ALTERNATIVE so one can just drag and drop the songs from your hard drive to the player. The Windows Media 10 is incomprehensible to use; and the connectivity "For Sure" is not sure at all! Furthermore, the documentation doesn't explain HOW to get photos on the player. WM 10 placed them on the file system, but the only way to see them was to use the file "browser" on the H10. Another problem was that the playlists were all "out" of sequenced from the alphabetical order I created on WM10. (This was when I COULD get the WM10 to recognize it). After awhile, I couldn't get WM10 to connect to the H10 at all.  Calls to the tech support line yielded busy signals for 2 days. My email to customer service has yet to be answered.  This has soured me from purchasing iRiver products for some time. Too bad for them.....  

- Over the last couple years, I have owned a variety of music players. Here is a brief timeline: Rio (64MB) -> Mini Disc (Sony 74 mins) -> iPod (1st Generation 5GB) -> iFP-390T (iRiver 256MB) -> H10 (iRiver 5GB - Present) -> iFP-899 (iRiver 1GB - Present). The H10 is by far the worst player I have ever owned. Here is a list of frustrations that I have experienced during the short time I have owned it:  -Short battery life. I have only made it to about 6-7 hours. Much shorter than the 12 hours listed by the manufacturer.  -Frequent crashes. Much like the only operating system it works with, my H10 has crashed on multiple occasions. So far I have found that the only way to reset the player is to remove the battery. This is made more frustrating when you have the protective skin on, as you have to completely remove it first.  -Slow song changes. It's not very scientific, but it feels like it takes about a second or so to skip to the next song. It makes me think that the buffer is very small. I could be wrong, but believe that the iPod buffers about 20 minutes.  -Poor functionality I. In the morning I like to listen to the radio and switch to music during commercials. With the H10, you have to back out through quite a few screens to get to the radio from the music function.  -Poor functionality II. There does not seem to be any way to create multiple, on-the-fly playlists. You can create one quick playlist and that is it. Has iRiver never seen an iPod?  -Inaccurate battery indicator. This is related to the battery life issue, but is a different problem. On multiple occasions, the indicator has read 100% full for 4 hours, then when I shut it down and turn it back on, it reads 50% full. It will work for about another 2 hours, then completely shutdown due to insufficient battery power.   The H10 has a few other things working against it, but I have listed the ones that bug me on a daily basis. Hopefully, a firmware update will come out soon that will fix some things, but the short battery life is really annoying. Maybe it's so you have to buy additional batteries from them, I don't know.  There is a happy ending to all of this, although it does not involve the H10, but does include iRiver. I missed my iFP-390T and hated the H10 so much that I went out and bought the iRiver iFP-899. The 899 is, without a doubt, the best player I have ever owned (sorry 390T). I'll probably write a review for it, or maybe the 799, which is pretty similar. I love iRiver, but I wish they would put as much care into their hard drive players as they do with their flash players. If you need tons of space and no FM radio, go get an iPod. If you need tons of space and as well as FM radio, go get an iPod mini and use the extra money to buy a good mini radio. The H10 is too little, too late to compete with what is out there. Nothing is innovative about it, and it is more expensive that similar items. Even the Napster To Go service, which only looks good on paper, can't make the H10 worth the price of admission.   

+ Like many others, when my Rio Karma died and replacements were not available, I ended up shopping around and getting this player. Overall, I am very pleased with the device. It looks great, is easy to use overall, sounds great, and the pictures add to the cool factor. My only two complaints about the device itself would be that you cannot delete tracks directly from the player (you have to use software through your PC) and that scrolling through music only displays title information (not artist/album, like on the Karma). Neither of those are deal killers, but I do miss the features.   My main gripes are with the software support and documentation. The documentation is weak to start with, and not translated well into English. Some of it is indecipherable. Read it through once to get necessary tidbits, then put it aside and play with the device to figure the rest out. As for the software support, I don't like the fact that they bundled it with Napster Lite rather than either something proprietary (that worked better) or better integration with Windows Media Player 10 (WMP10). It is fairly well supported through WMP10, but it's not comprehensive. For example, it synchronizes the software well but doesn't copy or synchronize playlists -- you'll need the Napster software for that (argh!).   I did have one little problem. When I first loaded my library to the device (about 1200 songs), many of them (about 25%?) didn't load with the right genre. That is, the genre in the ID3 tag might be "Reggae" but the device would display it as "(16)." Some would load fine, others wouldn't. This was a problem with both Napster and WMP10, so I don't think it was the player directly. I tried re-entering the genre through WMP10, but it still didn't work. When I used Moosic Organizer to re-write the tags, it worked! I simply re-synced the player with WMP10 after re-entering the tag info and they all loaded just fine.   The photo album is cute, but not terribly useful. The display is large, by mobile device standards, but still small compared to your monitor, or paper pictures. Still, it's fun to have some pictures on the device to share and the display is very good, despite the size.   The device works great as an external hard drive to your PC. You need a special cable to connect the device to a PC (it's not a normal USB cable on the device end), but it functions very well and allows you to use that storage for something other than pictures and music.   Finally, the USB host feature should be very handy for people who have compatible cameras. I haven't gotten my favorite digital camera (a Sony) to work yet, but others seem just fine. I'm sure more support with come down the road.   Overall, a great little device with some nice features. Use WMP10 instead of Napster and you'll be happier. I just hope it holds up better than my Rio Karma did!  

+ I felt compelled to write a review on this MP3 player because it's just getting trashed by the public. I like most people own a Samsung cell phone & think the company produces very good products. I have an iPod & decided to get this MP3 Player because I was getting bored of my iPod. Samsung MP3 Players have been getting the worst reviews on Amazon.Com for its horrible software. Yes! It's true the software provided is horrible only for 1 reason. It's a great program except that once you rip your music from your CD's that it just doesn't transfer over to the player properly (Actually doesn't transfer at all). The program just won't recognize the Samsung player & so in return won't transfer what you just ripped from the CD. I called Samsung at the 1800 number & they said that it's been known to happen with this player that the software just won't recognize the player & that they will contact me in the future when they find a way to fix the bug. So the only way for you to transfer songs over is to use WMP (Windows Media Player). WMP is fine but it does take a tad bit long for the transfer completion & a bit tricky. I feel the Napster software provided is for COMPUTER experts & not for someone like me who just uses the computer to go AOL to chat & check emails. All in all it's not a horrible player, but would be GREAT if the software provided actually works. You can only use the program to RIP music & keep it on your computer as a Jukebox player. I give it 4 stars. I guess I'm being generous.     

+ Great player for a decent price.  Excellent sound quality (and quite loud), great build quality, 8 hour battery life isn't bad, but could be much better.  Navigating the device is fairly straight forward, but unfortunately there are no dedicated buttons for volume adjustment.  The player has a few problems correctly displaying and reading ID3 tag information, and rarely is able to sort an album by track number.  Sometimes tracks are listed alphabetically by title, sometimes by track number, and sometimes it seems randomly listed, perhaps by filename.  The player's database also incorrectly reads the Genre field of the ID3 tags, and usually displays duplicate genres such as one being "Rap" and another being "Rap (15)" - which I could understand, if the tracks were tagged using different software, but I had this happen within one album that somehow got split between the two genres.  Also, be aware that since tracks are stored in a single folder on the device, having a track such as "01 - Artist - Intro.mp3" will prevent a song on a different album, with the same track number and title from the same artist, from transferring to the device at all.   USB host function worked flawlessly with my Canon S230 digital camera (when set from "Normal Transfer" to "P2P/Pictbridge Transfer").  Fairly large 3MP photos that were transferred, loaded quickly into the photo viewer and displayed at a "fit-to-screen" size.  I was, however, very disappointed by the "Album Cover" feature - album cover art cannot be displayed from the "Now Playing" screen, like the Toshiba Gigabeat F-Series & iPod Photo, but instead must be assembled into a slide-show using the provided software, that links the album cover with existing MP3s on the device.  The finished slide-show album is then accessible only from the Photo/Slide-show section of the device, which therefore removes the functionality of sorting albums and skipping tracks within an album.  This feature could have been implemented much better, with tighter integration into the normal audio section of the device, and roughly 50% of the slide-show albums I made wouldn't even play at all.  However, regular photo viewing worked extremely well and photos resized with the provided software looked fairly decent on the small screen.  Other features, such as the EQ worked rather well, but sound quality was better (and louder) with the EQ turned off.  I have not used the MIC and Line-In MP3 encoder, or A-B repeat yet, but it seems that this function might be nice for students that wish to record a lecture, and later transcribe it.  Although the package is clearly labeled "XP Only", the device worked just fine on Windows 2000 Pro (SP4).  The suggested method of song transfer is the included Napster software, which worked just fine once I upgraded to their newest version.  Overall, Napster is a bulky music management solution that is very slow at transferring songs, and requires that you create a free account with the company and be online anytime you wish to use it.  I quickly uninstalled Napster, and now use the non-U.S. version of Samsung's "Music Studio" (not included) which is similar, but more streamlined and works somewhat like Winamp.  Windows Media Player is also suggested for transferring songs, though my 9 series insisted on converting existing MP3s into WMVs before transferring to the device.  The WMVs did play just fine, and I'm assuming XP's 10 series would handle MP3s much better.  Hopefully, once the U.S. 1.0 firmware is released, they may or may not have addressed some of the issues in the devices functionality.  Also, be sure to note, that no carrying case is provided, and currently only Noreve makes a case (though somewhat expensive) that properly fits this particular model.  So while this device is extremely capable of being an excellent DAP, time will tell, if Samsung's upcoming firmware will make use of its potential.  I'd also like to suggest comparing this player to Toshiba's Gigabeat F20 and F21, Samsung's upcoming YH-J70, and Mobiblu's VMP3 DVH-100 (if they are ever released for sale in the United States).  

- This product is simply not ready for prime time.  It's an expensive piece hardware that delivers little for the money other than sheer frustration!  The reasons are as follows:  -  In order to transfer music to it you have to sign up with Napster.  What a complete MESS!  Samsung has every right to use proprietary software, but they have a duty to make it workable without requiring a sign up over the Internet with a propritary  seller of songs.  I would NEVER have bought this had I known the extent of the interconnection required to operate basic player features.    -  There are far better players, at far less cost, that simply let you drag and drop your music from the hard drive of your computer to the player without all the excessive work of this Samsung model.  Napster software constantly reported that it needed to stop Windows Media Player when WMP was not running!  I even downloaded the latest version of Napster software - that only made it worse!  When I finally gave up, I did a registry clean-up and there where over 100 corrupt registry entries from Napster and Samsung software.  -  The mass storage device software is very poor.  I have other removeable mass storage devices, from various makers, and they work just fine right out of the box!  This one is more than useless.  It's also slow, slow, slow, slow.  It often takes up to a minute for the system to recognize it, if at all (that happened several times); a system with plenty of memory to spare (over 512 meg of memory), and in excess of 2g speed.  -  The device is so "touchy" that it lost it's file system at least four times and I had to use the provided repair utility to get it to work again.  It took me several times to get the repair utility to work.  -  I have over 2 decades experience with computer hardware and software.  I spent well over 15 hours trying to get this to work properly.  It is not plug-and-play by ANY means.   This device suffers badly from very poor proprietary software that simply fights with the Windows operating system at every step.  Samsung puts out some good products, but this one goes to the very bottom of the pile.  

+ I have had this player for just over two weeks now and have found it easy to use. Unlike what some other reviewers have said, the Napster software is not a must if you want to transfer music to this player. Windows Media Player 10 works just fine. The product manual from Samsung seems to be the cause of the confusion, since it does not do a good job of explaining this. Although the manual gives detailed instructions on how to sign up and use Napster to transfer music, it does not provide any details on how to use WMP 10. You can import your music into WMP 10 and use the Sync feature to upload music into this player - it works just fine.   The player supports Secure WMA and the line-in recording feature is useful to have, if you want to digitize music from your tape and LP collection. I have not yet attempted to import Playlists into the player via WMP 10, though but I have read at least one other review on this site that states that you need the Napster software to import playlists. Assuming this to be a limitation of the product (and not of WMP 10), it still deserves 4 stars, as the sound is excellent and overall, the product appears to be easy to use.   

+ About a month ago I bought the ipod 60gig photo with all the accessories; this set me back over five hundred bucks. I bought it because everyone told me it was the best on the market. I must congratulate Apple on making a piece of garbage! Plain and simple. Couple with iTunes and I rest my case. Today I bought the Samsung YH-925GS. I Love it. Clear crisp sound, no distortion at high levels, SRS and WOW capabilities, all of which Apple have omitted from their gadget. Don't believe what the manual that came with the Samsung about having to use Napster to transfer music, you can use Windows Media 10 and Musicmatch, the latter being the simplest! One criticsm. I use, or am trying to use Napster to Go. But right now the unit does not support it and Napster are waiting for a firmware update. Nothing on the box to indicate this, nothing on the website. Apart from that....flawless...buy one!   

+ Bought the player about a month ago, and am satisfied so far.   Some of my main points are: - Works fine with WMP10. You DO NOT have to use Napster to use this player, although the documentation that comes with it makes it appear that you do. I have had no issues, other than playlists, using media player to manage my music. - Only music db issue are tags with my music. It will display track name, artist and album fine, but for some reason, genre is a mess. No matter what I try, I can't get a clean genre list. - Sounds is fantastic, buttons well laid out, and have a clean slick look to it. - Searching through your music is easy, and shuffle seems fine so far. My only complaint there is that is will not remember what has already been played if you shut the player off and come back later, but that is a fairly minor complaint. - It is sturdy. Have already dropped it six feet onto concrete, and other than a nasty ding on a corner, it functions perfectly. - Interfaces flawlessly with my Nikon D70, but you can only download one picture at a time - which sucks if I need to empty my 1gig card, but nobody else does it better from what i have read. - Battery life is definitely not the advertised 10 hours. I would guess more like 6.  My bottom line: Needing Windows XP, the lack of drag and drop and the mess with id tags are the reasons I give it a 4 instead of 5. But, for $100 less than a comparable mp3 player, I can live with that.  

+ I recently purchase one of these Samsung digital audio players for use on frequent airplane trips.  It has both strong and weak points, the greatest strength being excellent sound, the weakest being the questionable relationship with Napster.  I would concur the those reviewers which made the following observations:  - USB adapter connexion to the cord is a bit tricky, make certain the cord end has been pushed in firmly. - Napster software is quite annoying, and there is no need if you have WMP 10, just synchronize "all music" and you are done. - Napster software requires a continuous internet connexion while in use, which I view as a distasteful personal intrusion. - Playlists are quite a disappointment given none of the WMP playlists may be transferred, thereby leaving only the "mobile playlist" as the sole list. - The sound is superb when used in conjunction with reasonable headphones (I happen to be fortunate enough to have Bose ANR units)  Having researched any number of digital audio players, I would say the Samsung YH-925GS is an excellent one and does not require a PhD to use (once you figure out to avoid Napster and go directly to Windows Media Player).  It DOES have its bothersome quirks, but don't they all.   

- I purchased this model for its unique features, but will be returning it to the store today.  Samsung had some good ideas. > USB hosting > crisp mic recording > Line-in that doesn't require a cradle.  Then they decided to implement a Napster interface. Not intuitive, guys.  You can use Window Media Player 10 instead... but that sucks too. Neither of them make it easy to change track, album, artist, or genre information... THEY WONT EVEN SHOW THE RECORDINGS YOU MADE WITH THE YEPP.  RealPlayer lets you see your recordings, but you can't play them (yet), nor can you modify track info.  To alter track info, you have to export the files to your computer, modify (e.g., right click in My Computer, "Properties"), then send them back to your player via WMP10/Naps***.  Bull$#*^.  The USB hosting only works for a dozen digital cameras (3 or 4 brands), and my Sony cameras aren't on the list. It doesn't seem to work with any other type of USB device either, such as USB flash drives. I understand that if your camera will sinc, you can only download one picture at a time. I want more flexibility than that.  Just think... you're on a trip w/o a laptop, you need to download your pictures to take more... but you can only do it one at a time.  WTF.  After you install a driver, Yepp does work well as an external hard drive.  It provides good volume.  Some distortion was noticed when using equilizer options. Without EQ, quality is just fine.  You can record audio from any source with the Line-In.  All you need is a headphone jack to plug into.  I've recorded comedy stand-up shows from TV and music tracks from movies (you can adjust the incoming volume to whatever you want, thereby undoing the muting they have on DVD's).  It allowed me to pause the recordings so as to get rid of commercial segments.    The mic works very well. You can be on the other side of the room and it will pick up the audio distinctly, even if faint.  It picks up high- and low- range sounds.  I'm impressed. But again, renaming the files is a task.  When you delete the old files, they will continue to show up in your player's listings. You'll end up with a hundred entries of "Voice 00## removed" in your library. It becomes very annoying.  Almost as annoying as it's cumbersome power/USB cord.   This Yepp COULD have been a great product, but the quirks just drive you nuts.  With sadness, I'll now return it to the store.   

- Bought this as inexpensive alternative to Ipod Photo.  Now wishing I had just paid the extra bucks upfront, as I will likely end up paying MORE in the long run). First, (for anyone considering this over Ipod Photo, like I did), the LCD screen isn't very good for picture viewing due to low resolution.  The average cheapo digicam LCD is much better than this.  This LCD is more on par with a mediocre color cell-phone display.  The Ipod photo screen is sharper and obviously superior.  Despite the screen quality difference, I still decided to go with this player because it was roughly $80 cheaper after rebates and savings. Sound quality is actually pretty good, and the included earbuds aren't bad.  Sound is loud and crisp, as long as you leave it alone.  Any tweaking of the included EQ introduces too much noticeable distortion.  Barely a month after purchase, the hard drive gave out.  It wouldn't recognize anything over 3GB.  Called Samsung, received a repair authorization and sent it to a repair facility in Jersey (shipping was our responsibility).  Turnaround time was about a week or so and they replaced the hard drive.  After receiving the unit back, we noticed during the FIRST use that the battery dropped to about half of its normal capacity (gave out after three or so hours of continuous play).  Called Samsung again, got another repair authorization, and was again advised that shipping would be OUR responsibility.  however.... I'm strongly considering using the product replacement plan that I (THANKFULLY!) purchased with the unit and just getting something more reliable.  I might have gotten a lemon, but I have to call it based on my experience which, as you see, isn't even worth the one star I was forced to give it.  

+ Alright, it's the 21st century now. It's getting to the point where portable CD players are nice...but are so 20th century. I decided I needed a less-bulky and nicer portable audio device. Searching around Best Buy, I came across this. Let me tell you, the iPod is probably the most overrated portable electronics device ever.  Okay, first off by reading the 1-star or 2-star amazon.com reviews, many of them are either unfair or haven't given it a chance/didn't read directions.  Okay, I've heard A LOT about Napster software. For starters, which is a dissappointment, If you don't have Windows XP, go back to the search engine, because it's only compatable with XP. Macs don't count. Maybe, not guarrantee this, but maybe it will work on Windows ME. Not 100% sure, but all stores have a money-back guarantee...right? Also, it's not JUST compatable with Napster. Just because it says Napster on the box and player, does that mean ONLY Napster? No. It's also compatable with Windows Media Player 10, and I've also heard some people got it to work well with RealPlayer. Napster isn't the ONLY software compatable with this player.  For features, it has way more features than the standard, or even photo iPod. First off, yes, it has a built-in digital camera. The pictures aren't crystal clear, but I have a digital camera to do this for me. The pictures are fair to good, but don't get this just for the camera.  What you should get this for is for the wondeful MP3 player/organizer, radio, and MP3 recorder (both line-out and microphone). First off, the menus and organizing is unbelieveable. The menu has a few options, then those options have options, and so on. Example, if you click Music, you have artist, album, genre, song. Then, one you get into the organizer, if you click on a song, it will show up in "Now Playing". It would be better if it had a button to go back to the main menu, but it's only a minor problem. The FM tuner was better than expected and actually better than most portable radios out there. The microphone was also a great feature, and recorded voice very clearly. There is also a line-out to hook up the player to a set of speakers. If you need a car adapter, a lot of electronics stores sell cassette adapters for only about $10. The line-out also lets you record to another audio device. (Example: You can connect the TV to the MP3 player and the player will record the TV.)  The MP3 player holds around 5,000 songs on the MP3 format at around 192 kb/s. Personally, I use 128, so I have about a hundred extra. It depends on how much quality you want out of your tunes. If you want so-so sounding, you'll get more than 5,000, and if you want high quality, it will likely be less. And, it also supports WMA files, so then you'll have far more than 5,000 songs.  The sound quality is excellent. The player features presets for the equalizer, similar to the one in WMP, without the distortation. It also features a 3D equalizer, which many companys (Samsung, Panasonic, RCA) have been doing with their audio products as well. The MP3 player will power most, and about all headphones.  The LCD is in fact proven to be colored, and it is very sharp. It is 1.8 inches, which is equivalent or bigger to the size of an iPod screen. Some players like the Rio Karma have gigantic screens; though, the look is very unappealing. The player also allows you to view your own photos, or the album art. Or, you can look at the headphones, which to me gets hilarious after a few looks.  The biggest dissappointment is battery life. Ten ohurs may seem long, but in reality, not really. Most MP3 players have around 15-20 hours of battery. Though, this isn't much of a gripe for the non-travelers.  Also, the USB 2.0 was nice of Samsung; giving us the best cable link from the MP3 player to the computer.  Overall, unless you don't have Windows XP, and aren't a serious traveler, the YH925GS kicks the iPod in the trash. Well, you would throw away an iPod, right?  

+ Hardware look and feel is very polished, cooler than ipod, nice form factor and audio recording features not found on ipod.  But software is quirky.  Out of the box had to do a firmware upgrade over the net, and I mistakenly unplugged USB at the wrong time and hosed the drive and had to start over again, though had a similar experience with ipod too.  One major annoyance is though it looks like a drive to Windows when you plug it in to the USB port, if you drag and drop MP3 folders over to it, they are stored but will not be recognized by the player, and wont play.  Only files transferred with the sync from WMP or Napster will play.  This is very annoying if you already have a large collection of MP3 folders and arent too interested in purchasing online right away.  Another annoyance is it will only sync to one PC, if you sync it on a different PC, it may delete all the files!! This kind of fascist copy protection scheme is going too far, imho.  Another major annoyance is the Napster signup, the default is to bill you 9.95 a month!  It wasnt clear to me I had signed up for automatic billing till I got the bill.  Sneaky!  Napster has an 'all-you-can-eat' option for downloading given a fixed monthly subscription, but the fine print says if you ever stop subscribing then all the files you downloaded become unplayable!!  What an amazing 'innovation' that is!! Is this progress?  I think not.  As far as the WMP interface, it works pretty good, though if I edit track genre info on WMP doesnt get updated to device, have to format hard drive and reload all songs apparently, to update new WMP genre changes.   Overall the quirkiness is marginally acceptable, a little more than what I would expect for the third generation or so of this technology, e.g. it still reminds me of the early generation PDA quirks.  

+ In concurrence with the previous opinion given by the reviewer from Tuscon, I'd also have to assert that a great deal of the negative reports on the Samsung's quality are products of poor use or sheer dissemblance to the iPod. Make no mistake: the Samsung could still use a bit of improvement in the ease-of-use (mostly with the device itself rather than its music transfer capabilities) and compatablity departments, but it blows iPod out of the water so far as versatility, display quality, and overall attractiveness are concerned.   In terms of display, the Samsung offers a sizeable display along with brilliant color to more-than-accomodate it. However, whether one would find the color display of the Samsung or the color display of the new fourth-generation iPods is - I'd have to say - largely a matter of personal taste (as I own both devices): on the one hand, while the Samsung indeed offers a colorful and playful display, the iPod's new display - while less flashy - is...well, less flashy. In other words, if attractive simplicity is what you'd prefer, then perhaps the iPod is your ticket, but the Samsung still offers more than simply its impressive artwork, or even the per se attractiveness of the actual device.  The photo album/slideshow feature is also innovative and equally attractive, and uploading them in a cinch. In fact, uploading in general - contrary to some reports - is a cinch, though the same can't really be said for managing the device in other respects. The playlists can be somewhat intransigent at times in terms of their organisation.   Of course, one of the greatest stigma for those who find themselves considering whether it is safe to jump off the iPod bandwagon to switch to a PC-grounded or alternative player is the issue of not being able to take advantage of the myriad of accesories that now exist in the market for the iPod and don't yet exist on such a scale for even the most popular of alternative devices. Now if you're looking for an mp3 player that will serve more as portable stereo of sorts or a room-studio hub, then, again, perhaps the iPod is indeed your ticket. But if you're looking for an mp3 player that serves its purpose best as...an mp3 player, than you've found a superior one in the Samsung YH-925.  

+ I am a bit baffles by some of the negative reviews (Especially the one that said the digital camera in the device sucked. It doesn't have one!). The only negative that I can say about this device is that it is slow to boot up when you turn it on, and slow to shut down. The display is vibrant, intensely colorful, and clear. Volume is easy to adjust and the menu system couldn't be much simpler. I had figured out all the operations and menu system 5 minutes after it came out of the box (without using the manual). Sound quality is sharp and clear, and volume leels are excellent. Transferring songs and photos is a breeze. The unit is sleek and feels good in the hand. The satin aluminum case surrounds a solidly-built device. Overall, I am very pleased with the player.  

+ I've read all the reviews about how inconvenient it is to load music to this player using WMP and Napster. You don't have to go this route though.  This player will function as a drag and drop if you do two simple things. 1: Change the windows settings to show hidden files. Then click on the device and open the music folder in the device. You'll see all the songs you have loaded in there. From there just drag and drop all your new songs right in the folder.  2: After this is done use the utility suite that came with the player to 'rebuild your library'. In doing so, the software will have your device recognize all the music you just dragged and dropped into the player. It's a little easier than syncing.  As for the 4 stars rather than 5, well....as far as I can tell the napster program is the only way to create playlists for the player. This coupled with the lack of accessories and all the searchability issues when you begin to compile quite a bit of music on the player are far from ideal. However, I've owned one since about 3 weeks after it was released and I am very satisfied with it. Never had any problems at all.  Hopefully when they release a general firmware update to it they take some of these issues into consideration.  Also, apparently (though I've never checked it out myself) the Samsung Music Studio program works wonders with this player as well. If anyone has access to this software, I'd love to hear your take on it.  

- After only having this mp3 player for a year, I'm ready to throw it in the bin. I could not even sell this piece of junk second hand, as it would be unfair to whoever was suckered into the purchase.  Looks-wise, sound quality and features, this is a top-class mp3 player, but the battery life is the worst I've ever experienced in any item of electronic equipment. Even after carefully nursing the battery to make sure that it was usually charged from completely flat, the player will now only work for about 90 minutes before switching itself off with a low battery warning. Even worse is that it immediately displays the warning and shuts down if you press any off the buttons while the unit is playing under battery power. The only way to make any use of the thing whatsoever, is to leave it permanently set to shuffle all tracks, thereby avoiding touching any of the buttons.  I'm incredibly disappointed in what I had always thought to be a solid, reliable brand. I don't think I'll be buying any other Samsung products in a hurry.   

+ It is beautiful mp3 player.  Looks special and different from a typical Ipod.   Tons of memory; smaller than 20 GB Ipod.  Easy controls, colorful display, cool USB host feature. Con: bad battery life.    Great price!    

- Initially I loved this item. But as time went on the love faded, really fast. After a few months the battery life became less and less. I initially purchsed this to record my lectures, and it did a fantastic job, for a while. Then after a year of having it the internal flash stopped working. This made it completely inoperable because I wasn't able to access the various functions. I called Samsung customer service and they were not helpful at all. This is the last Samsung item I will ever buy. I didn't want to give this thing one star, if I could I would give it negative stars for wasting my time and hard earned money.  

- I have one buy from bestbuy at end of 2005, one month later I found when conect to computer the mp3 automaticly recharge and remember it. One year after the battery only can use about two hours, two years after very defecult to use it and almost all time conect to the charge.  

+ Initially, I was the dumb consumer ready to buy the big brand names like the new Sony NW 507 or a mini-IPOD. But then I decided to do some research and found out that there are other companies out there, like creative rio and samsung that put out even better mp3 players. I did alot of comparing and Samsung's MTX-6 was the clear choice.   I bought a refurbished model from Samsung mall for $86. It came with a 90 day warranty,(fortunately I haven't had to use the warranty, this product is made well) and delivered right on time. For 86 bucks I got 512 gb, FM radio, voice recorder, and a machine that has many functions to produce the sharpest sound. You'll be surprised, how the SRS WOW format on this thing blows I-PODs right out of the water. My brother has a 20 gig I-POD and the sound is much duller. SRSWOW provides a concert hall type sound.   On top of this, the MT6X is incredibly small and cool looking. In the looks department, only sony's nw 507 can compare, the creative muvos look cheap, and those white boxy Ipods will get old real-fast(like everything from the 80's, trust me.) I wear mine around my neck and its very comfortable to jog with.  The best part about the MT6-X is the fact it uses a AA battery, I just use rechargables and I can't tell you how convenient it is.  The 42 hr battery life is no joke, I've literally listened to this thing 2 days straight.   I used to think Samsung put out inferior products since it was a Korean company, but after I bought an LCD display from them, I was  surprisingly pleased, so I gave the MT6-X a chance, its not just a super deal, its the best in its class.  

+ I had been researching different mp3 players in hopes to find the best one for the lowest price.  The Samsung YP-MT6X is just that.  It's easy to control, and easy to put music onto.  You don't have to change the file type, and it is great for holding other files as well, such as pictures and word documents.  I use mine for just about everything.  I put all my files onto it when I had to reformat my computer and it worked wonders.  The only thing is that I could probably use one with more memory, because I only get about an average of 120 songs each time I load news songs onto it.  And the voice recorded does not work very well, but perhaps that's just me.  One time I did I have some trouble with loading songs onto it, but I just looked in the booklet for possible causes, and did as the book instructed and everything was fine.  I love being able to put a single battery in and having it last me a few weeks or for a long car ride.  All you need is a pack of batteries and you are good for quite some time, and there is no obligation to charge it at all.  And the player is very light weight.  I do keep mine in the protective case, but I wish that it came with an arm band or something of the sort because it's hard to run with the player strung around my neck, but you can just as easily hold it.  I suggest buying this if you are looking at it.   

+ Sure, you could get a shuffle...and pay for all the marketing, hype , advertising they do.  What better way to get people to buy a music player with no display (and little to no playback control) than to brainwash people into thinking its "hip."  What's "hip" to me is performance, quality and control...all of which this Samsung unit has.  And THEN some.  For less than $20 more than the worthless Shuffle, you get a DISPLAY (wow!), an FM tuner, better sound quality, and a multitude of menu options including sleep timers, playlists and adjustable EQ's.  It also supports a slew of formats including licensed WMA's and OGG.  The included USB adaptor lets you use the unit as a flash drive.  There's two adaptors included, a standard USB cable and a mini-connector that lets the unit plug right into the USB port (supports 1.1 and 2.0).  The nicest thing is that you dont have to use any proprietary software to transfer files...you can do it through Windows by dragging and dropping; by Windows Media Player, or any other software that allows synching between devices so you dont have to use the painfully slow iTunes program all the time.  The unit runs off of one AA battery for what seems an eternal 40 hours.  Also, it has the abiiltiy to record from a built-in mic, a stereo source (has a mini 1/8" stereo jack) or you can record from the FM tuner.  How freakin cool is that?  The display is clear and easy to read, and navigating through the easily labled menus is a breeze using the little joystick.  This thing is so packed with features that you would wonder why anyone would get anything else for the price.  I cant say enough about how cool this thing is and how well it performs.  If you pass this up for the Shuffle hype you need to have your head examined.  Samsung rocks!!!  

+ this is an easy to use device that is perfect for the gym. it holds plenty of music and is simple to operate. earbuds are not so hot but for 10$ I added a more secure headset that doesn't fall out on the torture machines at the gym!  Love it!  

- Had to return two players.  I went to Samsung website to check if there were any firmware updates available for the YP-MT6X player and there were two; one version was 1.101 and the other 2.121.  So, I installed the software provided by Samsung to upgrade the firmware to version 2.121 (downloaded from Samsung website).  I plugged the player and started the update process.  Everything seemed to be ok.  When I unplugged the USB cable the player would no longer turn on.  I had the same exact problem with the second player.  I contacted Samsung customer support, they were of no use; I was told to send the player to them for service.  If you buy this player, DO NOT UPGRADE FIRMWARE to version 2.121 or you will have problems.  

- I've had the YP-MT6X for two months, and I've already had to get one unit replaced because it would no longer power up after a firmware upgrade.  I had great hopes for this player because of its small size and the features that is has.  The problem is that this device seems to be pretty buggy.  The biggest problem is that the player will fail to see many of the songs that I copy to it (either from Windows Media Player's "Sync" function, or simply by dragging and dropping folders of music onto it).  After copying music to the device, and then powering up the mp3 player, the player will simply not see some of the songs.  If I navigate to the folders where the missing files should be, the player simply displays a message that says "No Entry".  I know the files are there because when I plug the device into a computer, windows can see all of the music files without any problems.  Both YP-MT6X's that I had did this.  The first player I had died when I tried to "upgrade" the firmware to 2.121 from samsung's website.  I used the firmware updater from samsung's site, and it said everything went fine, but after unplugging the player from my PC it would not power up.  I see at least one other reviewer has mentioned this problem as well, so I am not about to attempt this on my replacement player.  Samsung should not provide the 2.121 firmware on their website section for the MT6X if it causes your player not to power up after you install it!  So apparently I am stuck with the 1.111 version of the firmare that the unit had installed at the factory.  So in short I am left with a buggy player that can not see half of the files that I copy to it.  Changing the music on the player is extremely frustrating due to the "missing files" bugs.  I have not figured out a way around these problems, but I suspect it has something to do with a limit on the number of folders that can exist on the player because I can usually get the player to see the missing files by randomly moving them to different folders until the player finds all of the missing files.  Needless to say, this is a very frustrating process to go through every time I want to copy new music onto the player!  Perhaps if you can get a player with firmware 2.121 on it these issues do not exist, but I would definately recommend that you stay away from players with firmware 1.111.  You apparently can not upgrade the firmware on these units to 2.121, and they are very buggy!  

+ This player suits my purposes of listening mostly to podcasts to and from work.  As mentioned in other reviews, it connects easily to xp without the Samsung software.  I use media player to sync my podcasts and Windows Explorer to drag and drop music folders.  You could cram about 16 hours of podcasts onto this thing since they are usually recorded at the 64 kbps quality.   After 2 weeks, I'm still at a full 3 bars of battery life - with the single AA battery included - after using the player everyday on my 45 minute commute and playing with the features at night.  It feels great not to be tied to a charger.  For those buying refurbished, make sure that all accesories are included.  There are 2 usb adapters: a cord and a small plug.  The case is not pretty, but it does seem to offer protection.  I have not played with the line in encoder yet.  The player is small enough to tuck on top of my phone while it is in the cell phone pouch of my briefcase.  It works great with my old school tape deck car adapter; there are even specific audio settings for use with speakers, car adapters, etc.  The menu is a little funky, but I have yet to mistakenly advance a song while trying to up the volume.  The screen is clear and I love the option that lets you see how much time is left in a track.       Other reviews posted since I bought the product have really slammed the product for its not supporting the 2.1 firmware.  My player has the 1.1 firmware and I have no intention of attempting to upgrade after hearing those horror stories.  I'm not sure of the benefit of 2.1, but as of right now it does not seem worth the gamble.  I want to note that the Samsung website includes instructions on how to install the firmware.  Written in some pretty rough Konglish, they instruct you to remove the battery when upgrading along with some other specific steps.  I'm not sure whether those installing the the firmware would have followed these instructions or not.  I have also read that the 1 GB version has trouble dealing with a great number of folders, plus 40 or so.  I assume this would hold true of this 512MB version as well.  Personally, I have experienced no bugs.   Since it's my first mp3 player, I resisted the 5 star rating.  That said, I would be surprised if a comparable iriver or Creative impressed me as much as this little player has.  The display-less Shuffle loses on paper alone.  With the tiny Ipod nano (2GB-$200 and 4GB-$250) announced, flash players will probably make some nice advances over the coming months in terms of memory and displays.  At the moment, though, I am loving my $110 Samsung MT6X.        

+ If you wish to update your player to version 2.121 you MUST FOLLOW INSTRUCTION provided as a pdf file from Samsung. Before the update, you MUST REMOVE THE BATTERY and hold the play/pause button while connecting the player and starting the update software! I had version 1.111 and upgraded to 2.121 in this way with no problems. If you do not follow these direction your player will not turn on as I have found out the hard way. I had contacted Samsung about this problem and although the technical support was of no use when I called, I later saw that the instructions were posted on Samsung website the same day that I called.  

+ I have had the Samsung player for a little while now. I really do like all the features, the screen and the fm player especially. The menu is a little confusing, but I have quickly learned to adjust the volume and songs without looking while jogging, an arm strap may be better than that neck strap. I have not upgraded anything and after reading other reviews I will not try, but I do not know if I'd miss any features.   

- I loved this player until it failed to boot.  This little player has great sound and useful features.  I used to about 3 months and it no longer boots.  It will go through the flash screens and then hang showing the free memory.  This is the second MP3 player this summer.  The last one that failed was a SanDisk.    Who makes an MP3 that does not fail?    

+ I listen to a lot of music on one battery.  I have spent 4 days listening to music all day at work on one AA battery.  The FM tuner is really useful when I want to listen to news or the radio.  The voice recorder comes in handy now and then, plus I can record from the radio or from the output of another device.  I have dropped this several time with no ill effects.  Pros: Great battery life!  Uses AA battery.  Voice recorder, FM tuner, 512MB is actually a lot of music.  Small size.  Great sound.  Seems durable. Cons: Needed to upgrade firmware to make software reliable.  Interface initially not intuitive, but it is easy now that I am used to it.   

+ I bought this for my 12 yr old son for Christmas. He absolutly loves it. It is very easy to use. He is always on the go and seems to hold up to an active kid. We have had not problems with it. It holds a lot of songs. It is very easy to use and quite easy to download CD's onto it.   

+ It's a good item. I haven't tried any other mp3 players so I have no basis to compair.   It caught my eye with the color screen, which is really nice to have some graphics on your hip. The user interface is real easy to use. I have yet to read the manual and I have no reason to. The audio quality is nice. The little bud earphones give sufficiant sound quality. I like the image viewer. It could use a couple more cool features to utilize the color screen. More graphics or such. It has a screen saver function and it'd be nice to use a custom image. Audio options are excellent. You can adjust just about anything.   It's small, light weight, very versitle and easy to use. It comes with a good ammount of accessories.  I have nothing really negative to say about this product. It's real good and I'm happy with it except i'd go for the 1 gig @ 200 instead of 512 @ 150.   Cheers! ;D  

+ The YP-T7X is a solid mp3 player.  The FM radio works well.  It is a good device to use while running.  I also have a Creative Zen and the two devices are complimentary (one for storing all of my music and one for use while running).  

+ This mp3 player is perfect for my everyday transit to school of about 1 hour everyday. The bass response and high frequencies are noted very well on the included ear buds. The lanyard and hip clip are well constructed too.  My brother has dealt with his apple, and I do feel sorry for him. He had a 512MB iPod shuffle. It worked fine for a long while until he tried to remove one song and iTunes ended up removing all of the songs. The software is much simpler on the Samsung, because if you are running Windows XP no additional software is needed. All you do is drag from anywhere in your computer and drop into your removable drive folder where the Samsung USB is attatched.  I have dropped it onto cement on several occasions and have found no damage to the case or the storage capabilities. I have also placed text and images and they are easily viewed on the high resolution screen.   And at a price of only $150 its a mini-mini-iPod with built in practicality, or you can think of it as a mass storage USB device with a headphone jack, either way you still get a great working device.  

- I purchased this unit in late February and within a week it malfunctioned.  The unit turned on with the "locked" displayed eventhough the "Hold" switch was in the OFF position.  I couldn't do anything with it other than turning the unit ON and OFF.  When I called Samsung tech support, it took them less than thirty seconds to diagnose the problem; they already knew about the defect.  My conversation with them gave me the impression there were many returns from the early releases of this unit.  The unit I purchased was manufactured in January 2005.  (For those considering purchasing this unit, note that there's no way to find out the manufacturing date until after you open the package.  The date stamp is on the back of the unit.)  I sent my defective player in for repair and received a refurbished one back.  I was dissappointed at paying so much for a new unit only to end up with a refurbished one.  The other reviewers were lucky to get a working player; I was not so lucky.  

+ This player is the first MP3 player that I actually like.  It has a customizable equalizer to get the sound to sound just the way you want it.  Very very few MP3 players let you do that and it is something I believe should be in all MP3 players. The player is small but has a bright color display.  The player doesn't require any additonal software in Windows XP.  You simply drag files between your computer and the player in "My Computer": it is that easy.  There are a few quirks.  The little stick that you use to move around the interface is a little too loose.  You can move it up and the player will think you mived it left or right.  Similarly, manuvering around the interface with the little stick takes a few tries before you figure out how to find the options you want.  But these are minor complaints for such a feature-rich and small mp3 player.  Battery life is OK at max 10 hours.        

- A disclaimer:  The sheer gloriousness of this little player earned it the two stars, which is remarkable considering it broke.  I can't imagine how popular this is gonna be if they ever get it right.  This is a gorgeous little player, easy interface, great color screen, rich beautiful sound and works with Windows media player.  HOWEVER, I got the first one this past Saturday, used it for 2 hours....Saturday night it just wouldn't work at all, no matter what I did it wouldn't turn on, I did everything the troubleshooting guide told me to.  So I returned it Sunday morning for a new one.  It worked beautifully Sunday evening...played it for about an hour.  Monday evening, I left the house, got in the car, tried to turn it on..same problem, just refused to turn on no matter what I did.  It's really a shame too, because I just adored it, it was so cute and sounded excellent, and I got photos on it and everything, and it was the size of a zippo lighter.  For 3 hours, I was the envy of my friends.  I returned it Monday for the clunkier but seemingly more solid Zen Micro, and so far so good, but after reading some reviews I'm not too hopeful about that one either.  If this one messes up, I just may scrap the whole idea of ultra-portable music and stick to cd's.  I would suggest you wait two years to buy an mp3 player...wait till they've figured out how to make ones that work right.  

+ I bought this player last week and frankly I love each and every aspect of this player. It's amazing how so many features have been packed on to this small device - from a voice recorder to picture viewer - this mp3 player is truly an Ipod killer.   

+ This MP3 player ROCKS! And here's why: 1. It sounds great 2. It's the size of a book of matches and weighs like one ounce 3. It has a color screen 4. Has rechargeable battery 5. Is simple to use and navigate once you are familiar with it 6. No moving parts, it's a flash drive 7. No extra software required, just drag & drop in Windows, or Media Player. 8. It has a FM radio built in. The only downside to this player is the crappy headphones included. I bought some better headphones, and with the included belt clip, I'm all set for the gym. Ipod Shuffle eat your heart out.  

+ Positives: 1.The sound is great. 2.It's really small. 3.It is easy to transfer music to and from the device. 4.Color screen is amusing.  Negatives: 1.Unit controls are lacking.  Navigation through the unit's features and songs is tedious. 2.Short battery life. 3.Screen is too small. 4.Bundled software is not very useful.  Additional notes: The samsung yp-t7x is easily the best portable music player I've ever owned.  However, the only other portable music players I've used were CD players, cassette walkmans, and a minidisc player. I don't know how it stacks up against other MP3 players.  

+ I highly recommend this player. I did alot of research on the web and this had everything I wanted. A radio, recording, color screen and easy drag and drop song loading. It works seamlessly with windows media player at home and at work I trasfer files onto it from a mac with no problems. I have not a single regret purchasing this product. It holds enough songs, the interface is so simple that I can switch songs and turn up the volume without pulling it out, and so far it is quite durable. I think if I bought an ipod I would have deeply regreted it. Everyone I know that has had an ipod has sent it in for expensive servicing several times and the price for an ipod is too much for no radio, no line in and being locked into using itunes suxxx. Get this player, you won't regret it!  

+ This is a terrific piece of technology. It improves on its MuVo precedessor (I bought a 128 MB player 16 months ago) with a longer battery life, larger memory, and LCD window, while retaining the immense advantage of a digital music player *without* moving parts.  To my mind the iPod is overrated -- too expensive and too fragile. Plus the MuVo plugs directly into your USB port.  

+ This is my first MP3 player.  I researched this model, and found that others thought it was good.  I agree.  The sound quality is excellent for such a small device -- better than CD and tape players I've had in the past.   The software makes it very easy to download songs to the device, as well as rip from CDs I own.  Takes some getting used to in regards to playing different folders (have separate soft and workout music folders), but quick to navigate once you get the hang of it.    Would definately recommend it for someone who doesn't need all of his music stored on one device and who wants to play for 1-4 hrs at a time (anything more than this, would recommend a hard drive device.)  

+ I just bought this player about a week ago. My computer at home is only operating on Windows 98 but it still works. I wasn't able to use the software that was included but instead used windows media player to change my cds into .wma files. To organize the music I just created folders by double clicking on the removable drive (mp3 player). The music sounds wonderful and holds tons more than if I had converted into .mp3 files. I had to check out a lot of players due to my older computer set up. This was the only one that I saw that could work on my system. If you're a little slow in the updating department I would highly recommend this player.  

+ I recently puchased the 512MB Muvo TX FM so I could listen to music while running. This model comes with an armband (some don't) and is great for the job. It took about 2 seconds to figure out. I simply plugged it into a USB port, copied some MP3s onto it and I was off.  Like anothe rreviewer mentioned, the earbuds aren't great, just OK.  

+ You can read about this great little device's many features in other reviews, so I'll mostly direct this to Mac users.    Apple claims that iTunes supports this mp3 player, but it really doesn't.  You can load mp3's onto it using iTunes on a Mac if you download MuVo Helper, a little freeware application you can find online (search on "muvo helper").  Even with MuVo Helper, however, iTunes can't transfer its playlists to the MuVo; nor can it transfer Audible spoken word files.  Of course, the MuVo won't play Apple iTunes AAC files either--just mp3's.  With a Windows computer (98SE and above), you can upload mp3's and wma's (drag and drop using Windows Explorer, and create playlists by grouping files into folders) and also Audible files (with Audible's Manager program and Creative's new MuVo firmware, which you'll need to download from creativelabs.com).  You might also check out Red Chair Software's Notmad application (redchairsoftware.com), which helps you order songs into playlists.  Otherwise the MuVo can play songs in a few different ways: the order in which you uploaded them, or alphabetical order, or shuffle play.  So... if you have a Mac and no access to a Windows machine, you won't be able to take full advantage of this device.  However, it still makes a worthy alternative to the iPod Shuffle if you don't buy from iTunes: similar price, similar size, removable battery, a pretty good radio with autoscan and presets, and pretty good radio/voice recording as well.  If Creative were to offer a real iTunes plug-in, this would be a little treasure.  

+ This is a great product in terms of price and ease, and better than the IPOD Shuffle, I might add. The price is very affordable. It is very easy to use, just plug and play, the person doES not even need a software.... it acts as an external drive.  Moreover, it tops the IPOD shuffle because it has an FM, fm recorder and voice recorder. I read somewhere that this product does not have a shuffle feature. Well, I beg to differ, just go to the play mode and select shuffle once, then it would shuffle all the music folders saved.  With all the assertions above, it is viable to say that this is a great product.....!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  

+ I just got my MuVo TX FM in the mail this afternoon, and it is a delight to use. I was copying MP3's onto the device, and playing them, within 5 minutes of unpacking. I'll also point out that I only have USB 1.0 ports on the system I am using right now, and the transfer speed was still very managable. (About 8 minutes to copy the entire 512 megs, around 1 minute for a single album). As several people say, the earbuds are so so. The belt clip is really nice, and the armband is cool. (Although, as a bigger guy, it might be a little snug if you wanted to wear it on the upper arm.) The display is great with a nice blue backlight, and the interface is very intuitive. The FM reception is great. (It's much easier to let it autoscan and assign all the stations to presets. If you try scanning around on your own without doing this...good luck) The voice recorder works fine, and I have already tried running the output to my car stereo. All you need is a little two ended cable if you have a line-in on your car CD player, and it sounds great. I'm no audiophile, but at least at a casual listen, the sound quality was the same to me as a CD in the player.   The software is OK. You can import an external playlist, and it will transfer a playlist to the player, which is cool. It does seem to take a while to import tracks, and it would be nice if the autoplaylist had a little more control.  Overall, I'm very pleased with the device. I have a couple friends who already owned them, and they are also very happy. Bottom line, why pay the same money for an IPOD shuffle with no display!?!?  

+ Easy to use.  Tiny.  Light.  Fine sound.  Lots of features.  Excellent SW included.  Plugs right in to USB (no cable to lose).  Built-in FM radio.  Runs on 1 AAA battery.  Long battery life.  Great price.  What's not to love?        

+ Wow. What a difference a generation of MP3 players can make. Absolutely impressed with this model.  This thing has everything you could possibly think of, and more.  Especially like the progressive scanning. Very helpful when listening to long audio tracks.  

+ I considered many different mp3 players before purchasing this one.  Several things made the Myvo tx fm 512 standout from other similar products.  First was the durability, I am not the most careful person, I have accidently dropped it on a few occasions, including once from the car onto blacktop, but if you look at it you cannot tell that it has ever been dropped.  Next was the storage capacity.  512MB is plenty of storage space.  I have yet to run out of space, I am now up to 38 different bands with about 3 songs apiece.  The price was very good.  Even though the iPod shuffle may be a few dollars left it is a little less reliable and lacks a screen to tell you what song you are on.  Another good feature is the navigation, using windows I made a folder for every band,  it is very easy to move from folder to folder using the small joystick.  I had two slight complaints with this little gizmo.  The first is that the included headphones are very small and uncomfortable.  I replaced the included ones with a pair of my own and and now happy.  The other complaint I have is the included software.  It probably works fine, but I don't have much patience and after a few minutes when I couldn't figure it out I decided to drag and drop and it worked perfectly.  

+ I opened the package skimmed through the instruction book and was listening to music in no time. The FM tuner is good, better than any other in my difficult to recieve area. I enjoy the belt clip, presents the joy-stick at just the right possition. I cannot imagine using an arm-band. The sound is awesome. The controls are easy to use. I remain very happy I chose Samsung. I feel Samsung is miles ahead of iMac.  

+ This wonderful tiny unit has it all!  I myself am not an ipod fan.  Yes, they do contain more memory but lack in other areas.  I needed a high quality voice recorder with decent sized memory capacity and this baby fits the bill with extras to boot.  A screen to view text or pictures, FM radio with great reception, time,voice recording and a host of other features which you may need in the future, if not right away. Rechargeable inbuilt battery that can run for 9 hours.  Sure beats having to constantly replace those draining AAA batteries. Its size is fantastic?  Discreet - unlike the somewhat larger ipods, which the same cannot be said about. You can clip this on your trouser loop and no one will be the wiser, and no chance of losing the unit either. I love it and cannot find a fault at this stage.  This lovely audio player is all I will need for some time. I don't know why some US sellers are unhappy about the US price tag.  In Australia the item costs twice as much and I still wouldn't trade it for anything else.  

+ It's great for almost all the reasons everyone else has shared so I won't repeat them here.  So instead... here are the things which I didn't like about it:  - I found the "joystick" navigation allowed for multiple errors which could've been entirely avoided had Samsung used the standard push-button navigation (assuming it wouldn't drastically change the form factor).  Although infrequent, sometimes when I intended to press straight down on the joystick it'd slip in another direction forcing me to navigate back to the original screen and try again.  - I'd prefer a carrying case that's more protective, especially in covering the screen and corners.  The way it looks, I'm afraid the case will break before the player does.  - The carrying hook is somewhat annoying if you don't use the lanyard since it rattles about (and it's especially evident when recording voice).  It would've been nice if it was slightly depressed within the device with a rubber cover over it, like a smaller version of the one on the bottom.  - Playback while fast forwarding or rewinding should be audible, but instead you don't hear anything.  - The headphones are definitely a disappointment.  My pair distorted slightly at middle volume when I turned on the SRS, Bass Boost, and WOW enhancement options.  (Test music was a 192kbs encoded Elliott Smith mp3.)  Also, retractable earbuds might've been a good idea to continue the theme of small and compact.  - Aluminum/magnesium shell is a bit soft, but it's understandable since it was an obvious choice of style over substance.  I scratched it on Day 1 as I was putting the device into the carrying case (you need to make sure that the initial fit is perfect before sliding it in).  Other than that...  this thing rocks.  :)  Samsung should build a phone around this with all the trimmings.  Even with a slightly larger footprint, I'd buy this to avoid carrying multiple devices around.  

+ I also agree with the other reviews so will not say everything over again either.  I will point out a few things I liked that I didn't see in the other reviews.  *Love the FM record feature.  I set it up to automatically record my XM Radio FM mod signal every night and I have a fresh playlist everyday without having to download songs to it (but that's easy, and I still do occasionally).  *Don't forget this works as portable storage too.  You can create folders and move files with it from computer to computer.  *I liked the belt-clip over the arm band myself.  IMO, it makes it easier to remove and replace.  Plus, I just don't like things straped to my arm.  *Very easy to learn how to use.  Plus, you can play with the other features and most of the time be able to listen to music at the same time.  I figured everything out on my first walk.  *Very complete and well written manual.  I would assume someone in THIS country wrote it.    Tip: The manual suggests using the included software to convert CDs to MP3s, but I found it easier to use Windows Media Player.  Just rip your CDs to the WMP library (which converts them to WMA, and then Sync your library with the player.  Works very well, and this way you only have to use one program.  I didn't really dislike anything about this player, although I don't see much use in the text or image viewer.  The screen is too small and not THAT good to do either well.  The hard drive is a little smaller than a comparable iPod or Zen.  Overall a very good value, especially since it's cheaper than the mini versions of iPod and Zen (at least mine was, after rebate) and have most if not all or more of the features.    

+ with all that already written, there is no doubt its the best player in market. I read the reviews and got this item and boy !!! its laden with features that actually work....  this is the mp3 player of players !!!  

+ Very compact size/weight is great for clipping onto workout wear. Easy to use..great sound..great little screen..good battery... Love it !  

- well, this was the second mp3 player i bought. the first was a sony  NW-E75 that i bought and it worked great. only reason i decided to buy a new one was because that one only had 256mb of memory and now i was looking for a 1gb player. so i went to circuit city and was looking at the 1gb players. i decided to go with the samsung YP-T7Z over the sony NW-E507 because the samsung looked smaller and more compact. so i bought it, took it home, and wanted to try it out. the first thing that got me was that when i opened it, it said i had to charge it for 2 hours, which seemed odd to me. well i did, and then, i decided to test it out. i plugged in the headphones, and pressed play to hear the 2 default songs already in there. i will say that the sound quality was wonderful and i was impresed. however, when i switched it to the next song, it stopped in the middle of the 2nd song. i thought it was because i acidently pressed play or accidently hit a button, but it had gotten stuck for some reason. i couldnt turn it off or anything. i tried pressing stop several times, nothing. menu, nothing, tried the reset button, nothing. it was just stuck there, the screen still lit up. so needless to say, i was dissapointed, because it would have been the perfect thing to work out with. i took it back to circuit city and just stuck with sony since i already know it. i know its odd to base ones opinion on one defective device, but the sony products i have so far have not caused me any problems.   

+ Its fundamentally wonderful device squeezing in lots of features in its cute n tiny shape. I didn't see any player as compact as this. Only con I find is the price, probably the highest among its peers.  

+ It's really kind of cool to have such a small player carrying so much music or audiobooks.  The earbuds seem fine--good fidelity and fairly long cord.  Haven't figured out if I like the clip attachment better than using the cord with the player dangling around my neck--nice to have a choice, though.    

+ I got the player 3 days ago and so far im loving it. I got the 129.99 refurbrished 1 gig one, and apart for a minor very unnoticeable scratch, it feels and works like new. Im very confident that i will not be using the 90 day manufacture warrenty (ill post again if the player breaks down on me).   As for the player, im totaly in love with it. My first impressions when i saw it and picked it up was how light it is, and not to mention very very small (its easy onto the palm of my hand and i have small hands). I expected it tobe much heavier because it was so small.   It has so many functions for such a little player, it can... view photos, text, record voice - fmradio - and directly for another portable audioplayer with an included audio-in wire, there is VERY powerful(the most powerful fm tuner on a player this size ive ever seen, channels are sooooo clear) STEREO fm radio with 20 presets, i think somone wrote on a review there is no playlist...well there is a playist! the player also has a clock and shows the bitrate of the song that is currently playing( a feature i've never seen on a player before).  I've heard a complain its very hard to see the screen, its not bright enough or too glazed. Its true when you dont press anything screen goes very black and its hard to see the screen, but once you touch the navigation button it lights up brightly. It becomes very visible and readable even with a small screen.   Im not sure about battery life, but i've been using it for 3 days without a recharge and its still on full! I think ive used it for a total of 5 hours. I'm pretty sure it will last you a whole 10 work day.  The player also doubles as a usb storage device, it comes with a very little direct connect usb adapter that turns your player into a thumb drive.   As for the softerware i have not tried it yet, but it does come with software for your music, photos, and text.   The only draw-backs are the earbud headphones are not that great.And the player does not come with a case only a belt clip. The player is sooo cute! i dont wanna get a scratch on it. I hope  a 3rd party makes a case soon.   

- If you run, & sweat when you run, this unit will NOT hold up. Samsung will tell you it is designed for sport enthusiasts...it is not. This MP3 (1 year) malfunctioned due to 'Water Damage' resulting from perspiration...not caught in the rain, not dropped in the sink. It is not repairable, not honored by the warrantee, and Samsung basically washes it's hands because of their own poor quality casing design. Guess I'll be 'running' to have better luck with an iPod...  

+ If you spend some time with this player it is equal to or better then the ipod. I've used an ipod before and its great. But when researching to choose which player I wanted to invest $300 on, I downloaded the manual from each of the players respected manufacturers (apple, sony, iriver, creative). When directly comparing the HD-3 to the ipod (the "most popular player") they both have the same annoying features. Ipod uses only itunes to transfer music and sony uses sonicstage. Sonicstage version 3 was pretty simple to figure out.   I loaded up my library from my pc and then transfered album by album to the hd3. It was the same procedure the ipod manual describes.      The HD3 does have a playlists option in which you bookmark songs. Ipod calls it "on the go something" but both have you hold  a button to add the track to a my favorite playlist which is a few menus away from the opening screen. Its no problem.   Shuffling is also easy to figure out. It's about the same explanation you would see with any sony audio device. I mean the manual came from Japan but its written in english. So stop whinning. The HD3 actually gives you more shuffling options than ipod. You can shuffle all the tracks, or all the albums, or all the artists, or choose to shuffle tracks within an artist or album group.   Overall the HD3 has way better sound and a much longer battery life than any other player including ipod. Plus if the battery dies YOU can replace instead of paying someone to do it. The HD3 is also smaller, sleeker, and looks cooler. Plus when do sony products break? I still use a six year old cd player.  So don't let U2 convince you to buy an ipod. Buy a freaking awesome player that is unique and much cooler.  No I don't work for sony, I work at Publix. Its a grocery store.  

+ IF you are considering this you might want to wait until may when sony releases the NW-HD5, it has an even longer battery life (40 hours ATRAC, 30 hours Mp3) and a user-replaceable battery. Pictures are on engadget.com  

+ I bought the Sony HD3 in lieu of the IPOD because of all the reviews I read stating that Sony had the best sound. I was not disapointed with the sound--it's amazing. HOWEVER, I had to exchange it after only four days because the flimsy power button bent when my fingernail accidentally slipped under it. The power button on this device is very thin and should anything get caught underneath it, it will easily bend. This is something Sony should consider modifying with the HD5 that is scheduled to be out this year.   Also: The software is not the best but not as bad as some reviews would lead you to believe.   The best reason to buy this MP3 player: The sound--it's awesome. Also the battery life is a plus but don't count on getting 30 hours unless you convert to the Sony format.   

+ I had purchased the Network Walkman after my iPod was stolen.  I had used the iPod and discovered all of its perks and downfalls.  The Walkman, to me, is 10x as sexy and as functional.  The only downfall is the digital equalizer, which doesn't help the sounds quality whatsoever.  What you need is a good pair of headphones.  The songs go on a lot easier than the iPod's music match and iTunes.  My problem at the moment is finding an FM transmitter as good as the iTrip.  Buy this product, it comes in your favorite color.  

+ A lot of other reviews have posted all important points, but I'll sum up with the best qualities in this player. All players have flaws in them, but it depends what you are looking for. 1) A 30 hour battery life is great if you play it a lot. Plus you only need to charge it for 2-3 hours to get it fully charged 2) The sound quality is superb for an mp3 player, with its own equalisers, custom and pre-set. You can set your own treble and bass quality. 3) Lots of shuffle options. You can shuffle by groups, singers, albums, and songs (basically track shuffle and unit shuffle). 4) You can't exactly have playlists but you can 'bookmark' up to 100 songs, which acts like a playlist. 5) You can search by artist, groups, genre and album 6) The player is very very small (smaller than an i-pod) and can hold up to 13,000 tracks. It is really thin and can easily slip into a shirt pocket. 7) Lots of useful little things that makes the player great, such as a measure bar to indicate how much time of one song has elapsed.  

+ This is the perfect mp3 player, with everything you want. It holds up to 13,000 songs, smaller and cuter than an i-pod, better sound quality than any other make, shuffle options, larger toggle navigation button. Just buy it - you won't be disappointed!  

+ Initial review (April 2005) I don't like Apple and neither understand nor want to participate in the iPod mania. My experience with Sony walkmans (I've got two MD walkmans before plus MD hardware) has always been positive, and the choice of NW-HD3 was obvious.  Here are my impressions:  + Sound quality in incredible (I don't have the background noise some people are complaining about); + Navigation is convenient; I'm able to control the device when it's in my pocket; + Native MP3 playback is nice: I've got my previous collection of 300 CDs encoded into MP3 because I couldn't take all of the CDs with me when I moved; NW-HD3 didn't require me to decrease the already decreased quality of the music by converting MP3s into ATRAC.  * The battery lasts for 14-16 hours, not 30 (I'm mostly listening to ATRAC3Plus-encoded music); * The charger is inconvenient but seems to be hard to break :) * The screen is large but long song names get scrolled just once. * Sony's HD-CASE1 hard carrying case became available just recently; it's still hard to find. It's a must if you don't carry your HD3 in your pocket (as I do). * SONY Connect music store is a joke. It doesn't have what I like (various kinds of metal and rock). I downloaded a few songs from it and they seemed to be in ATRAC3 132 kBps - could've been ATRAC3Plus 256 (I didn't find a way to switch the format).  - The software takes getting used to. I tried SonicStage 2.3, 3.0 and 3.1. Upgrade requires you to re-authorize your player (kind of inconvenient). The latest release of SonicStage (3.1) occasinally terminates with some error. - The player sorts music by album name, not by the release year. It's a bit confusing. - The most annoying feature is that the player forgets the song that was played before charging it, and you have to look for it again.  It should be noted that I don't need some features many people find extremely useful: playlists, genres, games, organizers, etc. I know all the albums I record on my player (so far I've put 12 Gigs into it), and thanks to the fast navigation I can access any of them in a matter of seconds.  Buying this walkman was my conscious decision which I didn't regret.  Update after 2006-01-31. The walkman freezes for 20-40 seconds every 3-4 hours, and SONY suggested me to pay them $83 for figuring out what the problem is. Next time I will think twice before buying their harddrive-based gadgets.  

- I baught it and feel like throwing it from the highest floor for the following reasons;  1... Like most MP3 players I have used you cannot drag and drop music files directly to the player.  2... SonicStage Software used to "manage" the file transfers SUCKS. Sony should consider firing its software writing staff, or outsource its software from good people.  3... No songs list. Can only list by Artist /Album/Genre/Group/Others. Dude where my file list?  4... Why on earth do we need another audio format (OMG) ?  5... Did I mention that the software sucks?  Avoid till sony releases a better audio manager.  

+ I will just mirror everyone else's comments, great player, horrible software.  I wish someone would write better software than Sonicstage, it isn't intuitive at all.  Even Windows Media Player has a better interface.  If you like your music organized in to neat genres, don't get this player, because Sonicstage will make you tear out your hair.  if you just download various music files from P2P sites, then this is for you.  

+ I have had this player for four months and I am an audiophile and i have had most of the different players for music except minidisk.  THis player is outstading.  Not only does it have unbelievable and unsurpassable sound quality, it also is very functional.  The 13000 song capacity is great however none of us will ever use all that space.  I find that the extra space is nice because you dont have to worry about if u have enough space.  Now to discuss the software.  I have used the orginal sonic stage and found it quite confusing, however the version which ships with the HD3 is superb, most things are tabbed or dropdowns, and very easy to navigate.  If someone thinks the software is hard to use, then they must be completely inexperianced with computers.  I find it uinbebleiavablhy easy to  navigate.  Now this is a real mp3 player, not a fake like the ipod.  The thirty hour battery claim is pretty accurate (honestly  who can use an 8 hour charge?).  This player has much better sound quality and is easier to use.  I did alot of research before buying this expensive peice of equipment (i got it when it just came out).  The specs are much better than anything out there.  You will not regret this purchase  

+ Excellent! Fast service, good price and ONLY $5.00 Shipping by UPS ground from Colorado to California (do not "eat" the cost of Shipping & Handling like many others!) Thank You  

- The NW-HD3 looks and sounds excellent.  Navigation via the LCD display is ok but not quite as easy or as quick as on an iPod.    The big drawback is the Sony Sonic Stage software that comes with the unit and that must be used to transfer tracks (there is no alternative).  The software's faults include but are by no-means limited to; can't handle a large number of files (crashes), intermittantly hangs your PC, relies solely on ID3 information (i.e. often transfers files as 'Unknown Artist Unknown Track'), auto-transfer will re-transfer audio files that are already present on your NW-HD3 as additional files (resulting in many copies of the same tracks), has a confusing interface, requires frequent re-installation (which often requires completely re-formatting the NW-HD3), no longer supports importing Windows Media WMA audio files and is very 'processor intensive'.    Software aside, I would give this product 4/5 stars.  With the software I feel generous in awarding it 1/5.  

- Only someone who is from another planet would buy this player. It has problems playing MP3 and WMA files. It forces you to use the dumb Sony software. It costs more than an IPOD.. In short.. buy something else. Sony get your act together.. You invented this category and now you have lost it  

- Absolutely terrible. That's the best two-word description I can give this player.   As many other reviewers on this and other sites have indicated, the SonicStage software is a laughable abomination- as if they outsourced the coding to a group of novice programmers with bad senses of humor. Moreover, if you're lucky enough to get your songs onto the player, the player scrolls through tracks at a mind-numbingly slow pace- for my modest collection (roughy 1k tracks) scrolling took 2-3 seconds per movement. So scrolling through the entire collection in order would take roughly 2-3k seconds, 30-50 minutes. That's simply unacceptable for a device that costs as much as this.  Two notable positives were sound quality and form factor. The device looks and sounds good, and if all you wanted to do was turn it on, press play and let it run, it'd be a great product. But if you like to flip through tracks, my best advice is this- buy something else because it will drive you out of your mind.  Thank goodness for reasonable return policies.  

- This is one of the worst purchases I've ever made.   While the mp3 player itself is not bad, the software it forces you to use to transfer songs, is aboslutely awful. It will only organize songs by their ID3 tags and sortof artist, album, etc. but the software WILL NOT allow you to create any kind of subdirecty what-so-ever and this drove me insane. If only have 10 albums, fine, if you only have albums made by one artist, fine. But if you have a soundtrack or a compilation album with multiple artists, the whole thing gets split up in alphabetical order according to artist. And if you want to sort by album, every album you have is listed on the main screen. Personally, this way forced me to scroll down for literally minutes to get to an album a ways down the alphabet.  All I wanted to do was organize music so I didn't have to scroll through so much to get to something I actually wanted, but it was literally impossible. And there is no way around this software(SonicStage), I checked with Sony support (I called repeatedly) and everyone I talked to said it is impossible, and judging from how many updates have come along for sonicstage, without this support, I don't see it happening in the future either.  Stay away from this mp3 player, I highly suggest an iPod or an iRiver brand player.  

+ What is everyone talking about? If they just read the manual they could work it better. The software for this player is not brilliant but it DOESN'T crash your computer... it depends if you're computer sucks. It: 1. Holds up to 13,000 songs and this theory is TRUE 2. Has more shuffle options than the I-Pod shuffle 3. Is the smallest mp3 player out there for it's memory 4. Has better sound quality than other players 5. Can search for songs by name of song, album and artist. Also searches by Genres and you can form groups. 6. Can have one playlist that holds 100 songs. 7. Is extremely small and good looking 8. The 7 line display is very clear and informative.  9. Many different sound options with an equaliser. So there.  

+ When I bought this in the store, I also looked at those little round 1GB players and found those a lot more attractive, but I let myself be talked into buying this one because of the space.  Frankly, 13K songs is WAY more than I'll ever have on this thing; it's kind of like renting an entire condo complex so I can use three or four rooms.  But for those who want a lot of space and want to back up their music collection on it, it's fine.  I have had the same problem people have mentioned about the way the player sorts songs (I have a lot of soundtrack albums by various artists, and when I copied them they were scattered all over heck and gone in the menu) but I found a way around it--SonicStage lets you create personalized playlists, so I simply divide up my music into personalized playlists in My Library and then copy those to the player.  Kind of a pain, but it works.  I also have another issue with the hardware--the power switch on the bottom is rather small and flimsy and difficult to manipulate, and I am afraid it might snap off (probably the day after the warranty runs out).    If I had it to do over again, I would buy a different player.  

+ I have owned this device for about 4 months and I'm glad I made the purchase.  I found this new for $170 at another site - sorry Amazon :( - so I really couldn't pass it up.  Good points: Cheap, Sony name(some may find that bad), Sound quality is good, mp3 support, I got about 25hrs of battery life, small size, and nice styling.  Weak points:  Menus are a little cumbersome to navigate but nothing major.   I often have the player lock up or skip during high-impact running.  I suppose a flash type player would be better suited for running. The biggest disappointment was uncovered the first time I transferred my collection of music onto the unit.  SonicStage 2.3 would crash on my system during transfers with Win XP Pro SP2.  Also, many of my mp3's would not transfer.  I downloaded an XP hotfix and I somehow managed to fill up the drive so I didn't need to add anything else for a while.  Recently i wanted to add some new music so I downloaded version 3.2 before making the transfer and had no problems!  I recommend everyone upgrade to a newer version of Sonicstage if you are having reliability issues.   3.2 also organizes tracks a little better and it's a little easier to clean up the artist/title/album names to make everything nice and neat.  If you can manage to find this for &lt;$200 I would say go for it and make sure you download some better transfer software.  

+ If you can find this player for [...] or under and don't mind a player that uses id3 tagging, you will get a awesome sounding and great built piece of equipment.If you have used sonic stage before or had a minidisc, that would be a plus for this player. I have owned or own a ipod mini , ipod 4g 20 gig, iriver h10, creative zen micro,and a rio carbon pearl, and can say this player bests them all in sound quality, especially with atrac files.  If you want a radio , recording, or the ability to just dump files on the player look elswhere.Sonic stage 3.2 actaully works pretty good , though not as smooth as itunes and the sony connect store is lacking.You have to have your songs properly tagged or else you will have a mess with the "artists" catagory. Keep in mind you can still find albums with multiple artists under the "album" search, or make a playlist of random songs under Sonic stage (GROUP MODE). I am used to this because itunes does the same things to my multiple artist albums ie "the southpark album", it's the same thing I have to look under "album" on my ipod, because it lists every artist on the album on the artist search , which makes it a pain.  Anyway, the unit is built very nice, aluminum shell and stiff buttons and very good quality plastic is used. I think this is the last Sony HD nw built in Japan , the hd5 is built in Malasyia.  A score of 5 may seem high , but I really love the battery life, sound and beauty of this unit. If I had paid 299.00, I probably wouldn't be so happy. If your the type of person who likes superior sound and has a well tagged music library and can live with sonic stage and don't need voice recording, FM ect. and can find this for a steal you probably will be a very happy camper !!  Also, here is a link of a program that lets you transfer mp3's to the hd3 , hd5 , e501 ec. ect. without sonic stage. If you don't have SS installed already you will also need the driver. http://www.sonydigital-link.com/DNA/common/asp/details.asp?l=en&v=mp3installer_2_0&m=mp3   

+ Fantastic player with good software to burn CD's as well. Able to type in and search by Artist, genre and albums. Great sound quality and bass booster options. A* product!  

+ A good solid player with amazing battery life, sound quality, it's small, lightweight, easy navigation buttons. A joy to use  

+ The best thing about this player is the four way navigation buttons.  If you find wheels and touch-sensitive strips irritating, this is the mp3 player for you.  Simply press the ^ and v buttons to scroll, > to skip or select, &lt; to go back, play to start or stop, menu to change the settings, and mode to switch the browser between artist, album, genre, etc..  The whole thing is very intuitive after just a few minuets of use.      The display is very clear and informative, the exception being that the battery display has only three sections, making it not that usefull.    The whole thing is rock solid yet very light, and the on/off switch is so flat and sunken it will NEVER be turned on by accident.  One time I dropped it and it just hung on the end of the cord without hitting the floor it's so light.    The earbuds that come with it are strangely shaped and hurt my ears so I dont use them.  The so called 'carrying case' is just a felt cover to prevent scratches, not padded or anything(but still nice to have).    The sonicstage software is a bit sluggish, but if you just want to transfer files and use a different program for listening, I think it's fine.    I am confident this thing is going to last a long time beacause i got my sony cd player about five years ago and after much hard usage it still works great.    Also, this thing can playback and charge at the same time so you can plug it in when it gets low on power without skipping a beat.    One of the best things is that if you set playback to random you can shuffle all songs, one artist, one album, one genre, etc. just by selecting it.     Also don't listen to the guy who complained about the scroll speed.  First of all, there is no comprehensive list of individual songs, so there could not even be 3000 items to scroll through.  Secondly, even if there was, the menu is wrap-around so it would only take half that long.  Due to the multiple categories to organize tracks by, it could only take about 30 sec. tops to find the song you want.    Overall the only three petty complaints I have are these: the AC/DC power adapter partially covers the on/off switch, so you can't turn on or off without taking the plug out(a minor annoyance), artists are organized alphabeticly even if they start with 'the', which I know is silly but it gets on my nerves, and thirdly, the shuffle algorithim is a little sketchy and seems to play some songs more than others. But belive me, if you can find a seller, buy it.   P.S. The battery is user-replacable, and you can probably find a new one at Batteries Plus.  

+ First, all those people that say it takes for ever to scroll through the music are just wrong.  I have nearly 10k songs on the device and it scrolls through the music faster than an IPOD, which I also own. It is better functionally than the IPOD, although it lacks in add-ons (except for the remote which is far better than anything by Apple). Now the downside.  Sonicstage is just awful.  It is glitchy, the major one being that for no reason it can stop working and nobody at Sony can figure out how to fix it.  The program is very cumbersome, you can configure your music, but it is a royal pain.  Although I am not a big fan of I-Tunes, it is far superior to Sonicstage.  I would buy it over an IPOD for the device is better, but be very leary of the Sony software, it sucks. I think the industry is missing the boat on forcing you to use there interfaces rather than a third party's (i.e. Microsoft's).  

+ A few days ago I finally got my first ever real, full-featured portable music player, a beautiful red Network Walkman and I love it. The thing I like the most is that it ISN'T an iPod (which is for ultra-chic, wannabee-cool-people, music loving lemmings) and it does a good job at what it's supposed to do! Here's a quick bullet-point review:  + Great battery life! + Beautiful red design...neat "sideways" format + Simple and easy to use + Sonic Stage tranfers files fast, does a good quick & dirty job  - No WMA support - Atrac3 encoding necessary for quick transfer of music to player - Compilation CDs have messed up track orders in SS & on the Walkman - Recharging / USB connection is messy and overly complicated - Included Earbuds kill your ears (hard plastic!...ouch!)   Overall, I think this is a B+ product. I gave it five stars because as a music player, it does a great job at that. I see many places for improvement---but since no current music player does everything I want right now, I'll be happy with my Walkman for the next couple years. It's a good 20gb backup drive as well and shopping through [...] (even amid all the controversy of Sony rootkit files, etc.) is very easy, very fast and practically painless.  

+ almost everyone said is correct about this tiny lil' player.  but i'd like to add that we CAN transfer music of files even when there is no charger connected to it.  

- But the software sonic stage made this by far the worst mp3 player I have ever owned.  I suggest you try iaudio.  I've had 3 of them (sold one, gave the other one away, and kept one for myself).  Easy to upload music, and no headaches like sonicstage.  With Iaudio it took me minutes to upload music.  With sonicstage it took me 3 entire days (with the computer running) to upload the 4,000 songs.  Pathetic.  

- I love Sony, i really do. So when i went looking for a mp3, i started with Sony.  In 2005 i bought my hd3 and quickly found it to be lacking. I can't believe in the list of the features it has, "comes with an ac adapter" and "you can connect to your PC".  Why, because for this type of dmp(digital music player) these features should be synonymous.  The problem is there is nothing else.  The one thing I thought would have been included was the ability to make a play-list.   And with out a play-list the "incredible battery life" is about of that when you're changing to a different artist, or albums because you turn on the back-light every time you touch the thing.  I know u can turn it off, but I don't only listen to music when it bright and sunny.  And I'm not going to change it back and forth. My friends have mp3's with Swappable rechargeable lithium-ion battery, multiple play lists, Built-in voice recording and FM tuner with FM recording capability.  Anyway get something else and do some research if your going to spend this much money.  

- I bought the Sony NW-HD5 - about two years ago, because is had 20GB and a rechargable/replaceable battery,  it worked fine for about two years, the the battery failed, for $50 I bought another one, which would't hold a charge, I sent that one back for yet another now it appears that the player failed, because the second battery will not hold a charge.  The player only works now on AC-power.  I replaced it with an Archos 604 with WIFI  

+ I had this for a week and here is what I've found so far:  Pros: 1. Very portable and light. 2. Long battery life. 3. No drivers/software needed (tried on Win 2000 and XP). 4. Reads ID3 (only displays song name on the screen though). 5. Has a voice recorder and it can record from the FM tuner - very cool.  Cons: 1. When the backlight is lit there is a buzzing noise. [Edit: After firmware update the noise disappeared] 2. The screen is very short, but I guess thats the price for portability. 3. Instead of only showing/scrolling songname only they could have shown Artist - Album - Songname. 4. Twice it just paused in the middle of the song (May have been bad mp3 file).  

+ I wanted an mp3 player for working out and running. I am one of those guys who reads everything they can about something before buying one. What I read about mp3 players was a bit worrisome: countless reports that mp3 players break or have minor problems. So I picked up a Memorex Biomorph (I liked the size and features) along with an extended warranty beyond the 3 month product warranty, and sure enough, with light use, the product died with lots of strange nonsense on the lcd screen after 4 months. (I "reset" the device per technical support troubleshooting, but it didn't help.) I went through the hassle of returning it and getting reimbursed, minus the 40 dollar extended warranty cost. And I set out to read all the reviews I could before buying another mp3 player. I read the most positive reviews and least complaints with the Creative MUVO series.   My requirements: Driverless flash drive [I use it to transfer files between my laptop and desktop, and I want the convenience of being able to plug it into any of my friends' computers, Mac or PC, and share files/music], arm band for working out, FM radio, small and light [so a AAA battery model, not AA], and 1 year warranty (this is no longer negotiable). Microphone recording a plus, but not a requirement.   The Muvo series fit the bill. I wanted a flash memory player, not a small harddrive, because for me it's mainly a workout device, not a home for all my music. I came close to buying the Muvo Slim, because I loved the idea of a lithium ion battery charging by USB, and I think it looks very cool, but the leather cover has no place for a belt clip, and it lacks an arm band entirely, and so I went for the Muvo N200 ("micro").   So far the unit has really impressed me. The Memorex came with a bulky, cheap nylon arm strap that was the size of a belt, and even on its smallest setting, was huge. The Muvo Micro, by contrast, has an excellent arm strap, suitable for a variety of sizes, made from a nice smoky-grey slightly stretchy material. It has a well-sewn extra place to secure the Muvo, too, which they could have skipped, since you could attach the Muvo anywhere, so it is a nice touch. The Memorex used a very cheap thin faux-leather case for the Biomorph, while the Muvo really surprised me by having a case that is not merely a cover to prevent scratches, but is a thick frost-white rubber sleeve that the Muvo slips into. It's pretty cool: clearly if you drop it, and it lands on one of the three corners protected by the sleeve, it will be well protected (it might even bounce). In addition, unlike a vinyl cover, this leaves all of the buttons easily accessible: i.e. it's not like a ski mask with holes for the buttons (this was a pain on the Memorex, as the vinyl kept slipping over the buttons). The buttons are well laid out, too. Even after four months, I always had to think for a second or two to remember which buttons were for what on the Memorex. The Muvo makes more sense. For example, the volume up and down buttons are by themselves (not next to other buttons), and they border the lcd screen. The volume up botton is on the side where the bar increases with the volume, and the volume down button is on the side where the bar begins: so it's easy to make second nature. The play/pause button is also by itself somewhere else, so you don't accidentally hit that. Overall, a very good layout.   The lcd screen is small, but it's sharp, and you can adjust the brightness, contrast, etc. As others have said, there is an audible buzz on the headphones while the backlight is on, but that lasts about two seconds, and it doesn't bother me.   The menus make a lot of sense. One very nice feature is the ability to make the screen appear upside/down. This way YOU can choose how you want to wear the player while working out, and then if the screen appears upside down, just flip it. It's those little things that I was happy Creative thought of.   Another thing: I was quite surprised that the Memorex didn't get very loud. I usually had the volume on maximum. The Muvo, by contrast, is much louder, so I can have control of the volume back, keeping it around 2/3rds, and then adjusting depending on mood, surrounding noise, etc.   The earbuds which came with the Memorex were painful and were garbage, but the Creative earbuds are actually pretty good. I did have problems keeping the right earbud in my ear while running, so I'll probably go back to my pair of padded over-the-ear headphones which I prefer. But I was still pleased with the quality of the Creative earbuds: e.g. they don't hurt.   The USB 2.0 cable that comes with the Muvo is a small-standard USB cable, which means that it's the same cable my digital camera uses, as well as many other devices. This means you can replace it at any store should you lose it and, more practically, it means I can just share the cable I use for the digital camera, thus cutting down on clutter.   I haven't tried some of the advanced features, such as on-the-fly recording of any analog source through the input cable. I also plan on trying some rechargeable batteries.  When I do, I'll revise the review.   One final recommendation: I do recommend you consider the size of an mp3 player before buying one for working out. I saw a picture of a Sandisk I was considering, and it looked small, but when I saw it in person, it was huge compared to the Micro.   

+ I am very impressed with the MuVo N200.  I received it as a gift for my birthday and it has functioned very well for me.  My only qualm is that some of the tracks that I tried ripping from my CDs did not reproduce exactly and skipped in the middle or end of tracks.  I was told that this was the software and that could be updated from the Creative website for a fee.  Other than that, a very good product.  The microphone and FM tuner are cool features.  

+ I wanted an mp3 player for working out and running.  I am one of those guys who reads everything they can about something before buying one.  What I read about mp3 players was a bit worrisome:  countless reports that mp3 players break or have minor problems.  So I picked up a Memorex Biomorph (I liked the size and features) along with an extended warranty beyond the 3 month product warranty, and sure enough, with light use, the product died with lots of strange nonsense on the lcd screen after 4 months.  (I "reset" the device per technical support troubleshooting, but it didn't help.)  I went through the hassle of returning it and getting reimbursed, minus the 40 dollar extended warranty cost.  And I set out to read all the reviews I could before buying another mp3 player.  I read the most positive reviews and least complaints with the Creative MUVO series.  My requirements:  Driverless flash drive [I use it to transfer files between my laptop and desktop, and I want the convenience of being able to plug it into any of my friends' computers, Mac or PC, and share files/music], arm band for working out, FM radio, small and light [so a AAA battery model, not AA], and 1 year warranty (this is no longer negotiable).  Microphone recording a plus, but not a requirement.   The Muvo series fit the bill.  I wanted a flash memory player, not a small harddrive, because for me it's mainly a workout device, not a home for all my music.  I came close to buying the Muvo Slim, because I loved the idea of a lithium ion battery charging by USB, and I think it looks very cool, but the leather cover has no place for a belt clip, and it lacks an arm band entirely, and so I went for the Muvo N200 ("micro").  So far the unit has really impressed me.  The Memorex came with a bulky, cheap nylon arm strap that was the size of a belt, and even on its smallest setting, was huge.  The Muvo Micro, by contrast, has an excellent arm strap, suitable for a variety of sizes, made from a nice smoky-grey slightly stretchy material.  It has a well-sewn extra place to secure the Muvo, too, which they could have skipped, since you could attach the Muvo anywhere, so it is a nice touch.  The Memorex used a very cheap thin faux-leather case for the Biomorph, while the Muvo really surprised me by having a case that is not merely a cover to prevent scratches, but is a thick frost-white rubber sleeve that the Muvo slips into.  It's pretty cool:  clearly if you drop it, and it lands on one of the three corners protected by the sleeve, it will be well protected (it might even bounce).  In addition, unlike a vinyl cover, this leaves all of the buttons easily accessible:  i.e. it's not like a ski mask with holes for the buttons (this was a pain on the Memorex, as the vinyl kept slipping over the buttons).  The buttons are well laid out, too.  Even after four months, I always had to think for a second or two to remember which buttons were for what on the Memorex.  The Muvo makes more sense.  For example, the volume up and down buttons are by themselves (not next to other buttons), and they border the lcd screen.  The volume up botton is on the side where the bar increases with the volume, and the volume down button is on the side where the bar begins:  so it's easy to make second nature.  The play/pause button is also by itself somewhere else, so you don't accidentally hit that.  Overall, a very good layout.  The lcd screen is small, but it's sharp, and you can adjust the brightness, contrast, etc.  As others have said, there is an audible buzz on the headphones while the backlight is on, but that lasts about two seconds, and it doesn't bother me.  The menus make a lot of sense.  One very nice feature is the ability to make the screen appear upside/down.  This way YOU can choose how you want to wear the player while working out, and then if the screen appears upside down, just flip it.  It's those little things that I was happy Creative thought of.  Another thing:  I was quite surprised that the Memorex didn't get very loud.  I usually had the volume on maximum.  The Muvo, by contrast, is much louder, so I can have control of the volume back, keeping it around 2/3rds, and then adjusting depending on mood, surrounding noise, etc.  The earbuds which came with the Memorex were painful and were garbage, but the Creative earbuds are actually pretty good. I did have problems keeping the right earbud in my ear while running, so I'll probably go back to my pair of padded over-the-ear headphones which I prefer. But I was still pleased with the quality of the Creative earbuds:  e.g. they don't hurt.    The USB 2.0 cable that comes with the Muvo is a small-standard USB cable, which means that it's the same cable my digital camera uses, as well as many other devices.  This means you can replace it at any store should you lose it and, more practically, it means I can just share the cable I use for the digital camera, thus cutting down on clutter.  I haven't tried some of the advanced features, such as on-the-fly recording of any analog source through the input cable.  When I do, I'll revise the review.  One final recommendation:  I do recommend you consider the size of an mp3 player before buying one for working out.  I saw a picture of a Sandisk I was considering, and it looked small, but when I saw it in person, it was huge compared to the Micro.  

+ I wanted an mp3 player for working out and running. I am one of those guys who reads everything they can about something before buying one. What I read about mp3 players was a bit worrisome: countless reports that mp3 players break or have minor problems. So I picked up a Memorex Biomorph (I liked the size and features) along with an extended warranty beyond the 3 month product warranty, and sure enough, with light use, the product died with lots of strange nonsense on the lcd screen after 4 months. (I "reset" the device per technical support troubleshooting, but it didn't help.) I went through the hassle of returning it and getting reimbursed, minus the 40 dollar extended warranty cost. And I set out to read all the reviews I could before buying another mp3 player. I read the most positive reviews and least complaints with the Creative MUVO series.   My requirements: Driverless flash drive [I use it to transfer files between my laptop and desktop, and I want the convenience of being able to plug it into any of my friends' computers, Mac or PC, and share files/music], arm band for working out, FM radio, small and light [so a AAA battery model, not AA], and 1 year warranty (this is no longer negotiable). Microphone recording a plus, but not a requirement.   The Muvo series fit the bill. I wanted a flash memory player, not a small harddrive, because for me it's mainly a workout device, not a home for all my music. I came close to buying the Muvo Slim, because I loved the idea of a lithium ion battery charging by USB, and I think it looks very cool, but the leather cover has no place for a belt clip, and it lacks an arm band entirely, and so I went for the Muvo N200 ("micro").   So far the unit has really impressed me. The Memorex came with a bulky, cheap nylon arm strap that was the size of a belt, and even on its smallest setting, was huge. The Muvo Micro, by contrast, has an excellent arm strap, suitable for a variety of sizes, made from a nice smoky-grey slightly stretchy material. It has a well-sewn extra place to secure the Muvo, too, which they could have skipped, since you could attach the Muvo anywhere, so it is a nice touch. The Memorex used a very cheap thin faux-leather case for the Biomorph, while the Muvo really surprised me by having a case that is not merely a cover to prevent scratches, but is a thick frost-white rubber sleeve that the Muvo slips into. It's pretty cool: clearly if you drop it, and it lands on one of the three corners protected by the sleeve, it will be well protected (it might even bounce). In addition, unlike a vinyl cover, this leaves all of the buttons easily accessible: i.e. it's not like a ski mask with holes for the buttons (this was a pain on the Memorex, as the vinyl kept slipping over the buttons). The buttons are well laid out, too. Even after four months, I always had to think for a second or two to remember which buttons were for what on the Memorex. The Muvo makes more sense. For example, the volume up and down buttons are by themselves (not next to other buttons), and they border the lcd screen. The volume up botton is on the side where the bar increases with the volume, and the volume down button is on the side where the bar begins: so it's easy to make second nature. The play/pause button is also by itself somewhere else, so you don't accidentally hit that. Overall, a very good layout.   The lcd screen is small, but it's sharp, and you can adjust the brightness, contrast, etc. As others have said, there is an audible buzz on the headphones while the backlight is on, but that lasts about two seconds, and it doesn't bother me.   The menus make a lot of sense. One very nice feature is the ability to make the screen appear upside/down. This way YOU can choose how you want to wear the player while working out, and then if the screen appears upside down, just flip it. It's those little things that I was happy Creative thought of.   Another thing: I was quite surprised that the Memorex didn't get very loud. I usually had the volume on maximum. The Muvo, by contrast, is much louder, so I can have control of the volume back, keeping it around 2/3rds, and then adjusting depending on mood, surrounding noise, etc.   The earbuds which came with the Memorex were painful and were garbage, but the Creative earbuds are actually pretty good. I did have problems keeping the right earbud in my ear while running, so I'll probably go back to my pair of padded over-the-ear headphones which I prefer. But I was still pleased with the quality of the Creative earbuds: e.g. they don't hurt.   The USB 2.0 cable that comes with the Muvo is a small-standard USB cable, which means that it's the same cable my digital camera uses, as well as many other devices. This means you can replace it at any store should you lose it and, more practically, it means I can just share the cable I use for the digital camera, thus cutting down on clutter.   I haven't tried some of the advanced features, such as on-the-fly recording of any analog source through the input cable. I also plan on trying some rechargeable batteries.  When I do, I'll revise the review.   One final recommendation: I do recommend you consider the size of an mp3 player before buying one for working out. I saw a picture of a Sandisk I was considering, and it looked small, but when I saw it in person, it was huge compared to the Micro.   

+ Ups: - Incredibly small (excellent for going to the gym with, or just carrying in your pocket) - Massive storage - Sleek design (and it's shiny! A big plus if you're easily amused like me) - FM tuner and line in (cables included) can be recorded directly to device's memory - Microphone (a nice little feature for recording professor's lectures or anything else you may want to record) - Can also be used as a portable storage device - Music files can be easily organized into folders which can be easily scrolled/skipped/selected on the device's cool blue back lit LCD display and ingenious scrolling wheel - No need to install anything on your computer if you're using XP (and 2000 I hear), simple "drag and drop" interface - Screen can be flipped upside down for left-handed users - Has an equalizer that you can either customize or choose from the one of the 4 presets - Surprisingly good sound, even with the included ear-buds - Short of maybe an ipod (which, might I mention, has no line-in recording, no 15 hour battery life (which is super cheap to replace, unlike the $100 ipod battery), no built in fm tuner, no microphone, and is no where near as small or light as this thing) the best mp3 player out there you can buy.   Downs: - When the backlight is on, there is this really annoying buzzing sound - Songs within a folder cannot be "jumped" to, you have to scroll through the entire list (a price you pay for the player's portability and thus lack of buttons) - The battery cover has this shoddy little plastic nub that holds it in place...I'm constantly afraid of breaking it - This model (512mb model) will be obsolete in a short while (go figure....) because creative is releasing a 1GB version soon (will cost you about 200 bucks), but if you're like me, and can't wait, go ahead and buy this sucker, you wont be disappointed - When you record things using the microphone (I use it to record my o-chem and molecular bio. Lectures sitting about 10-12 feet away from my professors) you have to turn the volume up to max to hear anything during play back (or you can do what I do, transfer it to your computer and use it to amplify the sound). - The ear-buds keep falling out when I'm running - A little pricy, I think closer to 90-100 would have been a fairer price (if u strongly think this too, wait about a month or so, the prices on these things are always dropping) - If you get a dark color (I have the black), be prepared to constantly find your fingerprints all over the plastic case (white looks nice too ;-)) - It comes in a package that is impossible to open, some kind of super-metal/plastic-alloy-crap that you have to use titanium scissors to open (maybe I'm just mad because I cut myself while opening it...but hey, the loss of blood was justified)  On a scale of 1 to 10 - 9.6  

+ I've had this MP3 player for almost 2 years now and it is still going strong. It has worked-out with me and kept me company a lot.  The battery life is good (1 AAA battery lasts long enough for me not to feel like I'm being ripped-off paying for batteries). If you compress the mp3 files (on option provided on this player), then it can hold a couple hundred songs.   The sound is great, and the set-up and process of adding new music is easy.   The only problem is that the player has "frozen" 2 or 3 times on me in the past 2 years. To unfreeze it requires that you go to the Creative website and reinstall the software. It's slightly annoying, but since the problem is fixable without spending any extra money and because it only takes small amount of time, I won't complain.   

+ it was between this and the mini Yepp player.  no matter how small the other one was the final decision came from having 512 ram.  the player is quite intuitive but switching from player to radio can be a hassle.  i have fairly ok eyes and i don't mind the small screen but it does take certain attention to switch between and i can't do it while driving.  the design itself is pretty good.  comes with a arm strap and a rubber case with a plastic clip that firmly locks onto the strap.  i keep mine in the rubber case cuz serves as a protective item and actually it's easier to grab/use it.  the size of the player is small enough to still hide in my hands even with the rubber case.  

+ One of the best player I ever got.  and I went through alot of other mp3 players before: - ipod mini - muvo2 4 gb - ireiver ifp-190t (256 meg) - creative nomad.  etc..  along with all the other stuff, Pros and Cons that other people didnt' mention before: PRO:  - USB cable is standard size (so u can use cable from anyone, instead of paying up the A$$ for expensive proprietory cables) - mp3 encoding and Voice recording is pretty good quality and small size - line-in mp3 encoding offer 96k, 128k, and 160k quality - FM radio has good reception and have have intuitive autoscanning and preset setup - Encodes files are in mp3 format and voice recording is in WAV format. so no need to convert it or load a proprietory program to convert it (that was pis me off about the i-river 190 player) - no software needed.  just plug in and it shows up as a removable drive   CONS: - The Left/Right Rocker is kinda not that that easy to use. I wish they would have swap the Rocker and Volume control buttons. as I use "next/previous track" buttons more - for some reason afew of my songs would miss the first 3-4 seconds of the song. those songs sounded fine in my other players - the wrapper that it comes in be careful when opening, it can cut you :P - when recording from FM radio the record quality is not mp3 quality but WAV like voice recording (but better quality) - the little "bump" near the back for a lanyard is useless because it's too small for any of my lanyard  -  No Playlist feature. it plays from the folders.  not that much of a problem if u have few songs but when u get to 1 gig versions it's a pain to move from song to song since u can't jump.  

- I bought this player because of all the good reviews and it had a built in FM radio, line in recording and it had a drag and drop feature for copying files.  When I got the player I was immediately disappointed because the player though very light was made of very cheap plastic.  Also, the buttons does not seem very sturdy.  The MP3 sound quality is good but the FM radio reception is very poor.  I previously had a Nomad II, which had a much better reception.  The line in recording is very useful but it is of very poor quality and so it is not really worth it.  It is much better to use a computer to encode the MP3 songs.  I am definitely returning mine and my hunt for another player continues.   

+ I think people are just too hard on the reviews.    If you ask me, I think this is a GREAT deal. It's small, light weight, has a lcd screen, scrolling capabilities, and the sound is GREAT.   People are just stupid when it comes to writing crap. I got mine from wal-mart.  I think it's a GREAT deal.  Now, i'm sure there is much better ones out there.. but for the price this will do me just fine.    I haven't had a problem with it, and the transferring speeds DO NOT take a minute.  I loaded 300 songs in less than 10 minutes.  how fast do you want it? honestly?  The storage capacity is great too, i think they are stretching the 1000 songs u can put on, but even still you can put over 700 on it easily. and you dont need more. If you are looking for that, then u may as well get a ipod as they are made for storage.  It tells you ON THE BOX to use windows media player to sync your songs.. that is what i used and i didn't have a single problem minus one or two songs couldn't convert. but i EASILY fixed that by downloading it again.    The battery life lasts for about 5-6 hours, depending on what your features you have turned on.  for example... if you have the LCD screen on all the time then obviously it is going to drain the battery faster. they say it could last 10 hours, i dont see that, but maybe, if you have the sound turned low, no lcd.. then.... maaaaybe...  Features on this are good, has a bass boost, 5 equalizer presets, the LCD screen is a great feature. And it has a mic built in which works great, if you need to record something than this would work great for it. the mic will pick up even the quiet sounds.  sometimes a bit too much. There is a couple other features that you can look into by reading.  All in all, the product i think is great, i almost wnat to give it a 5 out of 5, but again, im sure there is better ones out there.. but just not at this price.  

+ i bought it as a factory-refurbished one for only 85 dollars. Overall this mp3 player is great, especially its sound quality.  The sound quality is amazing comparing to my friend's mp3 player.  Also exterior design is nice.  The speed of uploading songs from your computer to the player is average, and it depends how fast and healthy your computer is.  If your computer has too many spywares, surely the tranfer will take a long time.  The earphone comes with the mp3 player is very unique, and the sound quality of the player is only good with the standard earphone.    

+ I have had this model of MP3 player for just over 6 months.  I found it easy to use and the manual is very clear on what to do if it ever freezes up.  Mine did freeze up, but only once and when I followed the simple instructions, it 'unfroze' and I was able to turn the unit off instead of having to wait for the battery to die.     Personally, I think the sound quality issue has more to do with what headphones or earbuds you used.  I am a music major and I need to have excellent sound reproduction when I am listening to my classical music.  To use a splitter so my friend could hear, I bought some different earbuds, but the sound was extremely muffled and quiet.  Once I put the Philips earbuds in, I was amazed at the sound, even when another set of earbuds was plugged in.  I don't have to use more than 1/3 of the volume capabilities to listen to music on a bus full of noisy music students.   MusicMatch is a program that you get when you buy this product to transfer your music from CD's to the GoGear.  It too is easy to use and transfering does not take that long.    Overall it has many great features, such as the equalizer settings, FM tuner, and sleep modes, a fair amount of storage, and a decent battery life if used properly. I would recommend this product to anyone asking for a decent and easy to use MP3 player that is not overpriced or overhyped.   

+ Although this mp3 is o.k, it has several major flaws, such as it's constant freezing and not playing certain tracks.I bought this with my Chrimstmas money i got from relatives ect, but, within the first month, it broke and had to be repaired for 6 months!I no they do this from time to time, but that is just ridiculus!The download software is O.k to put on your computer, but recently when i ahev used to software, it has frozen up and will not put any tracks on for me!Also, it never deletes my music library when i ask it too. It just stays there.Overall, not a very good effort from the people i would of expected to do quite well in this feild.The reason why i have given this a four star beacuase  it did eventualy unfreeze, but still a poor effort.  

+ I don't understand why everyone is complaining this is awesome, I think it sounds very crisp. it has not frozen on me i think  that everyone is going to have something bad to say about everything, but i think it is great. I use it to go jogging and it has never skipped. Its just great.  

- I got this mp3 player about a year ago and I've been somewhat satisfied with its performance, even though it as a very bad designed interface to load songs to the player, it is incredibly slow (USB 1.1) and I had to reinstall the firmware at least two times becuse of data corruption. I can live with that. The problem came last week when I got a flickering of death. The screen just flickers all the time. The player doesn't respond to any command, it is not recognized by the computer, no way to reinstall firmware... nothing. It just died, and of course is out of warranty. I called Philips support (horrible by the way) and they said that they would repair the player only if it was under warranty. I explained to the guy that it was out of warranty but I was willing to pay for the repair. He said... "no, we only repair electronics that are under warranty. Take the player to an electronic repair shop, they might be able to help". Well, there are no electronic repair shops in this area with the knowledge to repair this thing, so basically I am stuck with a $150 (what I paid originally) paperweight. Thank you Philips!. I won't buy from you again!!.  

- This is the second mp3 player that I've had from philips.  The first one never worked and this one died after 5 months of use.  When you get the "flickering of death" nothing in the manual works.  My last philips product EVER!!!!    

- I saved my money up for this Philips mp3 player.  When I got it I loved it.  I got it in June 2005, it just recently stopped working in January 2007.  It only worked for a year and a half.  I was very disappointed with this mp3.  I will never get this very mp3 again.  

+ It was a gift for my nephew, 17yrs. old. So far he seems to love the whole thing. He says it holds more than enough music, its controls were very easy to learn and use. I would recommend this product/item to everyone who has a teenager as well as everyone who loves music at their fingertips in an MP3 player.  

+ Pros: Easy set up..easy song and pic transfer..lcd screen has excellent quality..transfering songs can be done numerous ways..ie...software..WMP..drag and drop in explorer..sound quality is very good  Cons: doesn't have the ability to make a playlist without connecting to the PC..supplied headphones sounded very good but where a bit large and hard to get to stay in my ears(I suggest Koss "the Plug" or Koss "the Sparkplug" earbuds   

+ I think this player works very well.  The sound is great!  It holds songs and photos! You can back up a digital camera to it if you want to get your files off the memory card, but don't have a computer!    I have few minor problems with this.  The first is that there does not seem to be a way to delete pictures from the player; you have to install the Gigabeat Room software and open the photo viewer to delete pictures.  Very cumbersome, and this is not explained in the manual.  The second problem is that when you play in random mode, you cannot "reverse the track" to get any previous track played.  These are the only problems I have, otherwise I think this is a fine player.  You can bookmark, which I assume is for audio books, although I have not done this.  The graphics are wonderful.  I do not regret the decision to buy this player, and I am glad I have it!  

+ Thanks for the good service we received on this item.  It arrived in good shape and as expected.  

+ I got this unit for my son at Christmas. It is really a nice player, not too large and of sturdy construction.  I would give it five stars, but it does have a few quirks with regard to the software.  The problems are minor though.  It also does not immediately dock and power on when you plug into the dock, another minor annoyance.  Also, the headphones can be rated no more than 3 stars by themselves. Still, for the money offered currently here on Amazon the Gigabeat 10gb represents real value.  I would just caution to make sure you are purchasing from a reputable online dealer. Tiger Direct and their rebate partner BDI Laguna Corporation (ESend) have been sitting on my $50 rebate now (it shows as legitimate on the status site) for close to 4 months. ESend does not respond at all and Tiger Direct while prompt in their responses are truely incapable of helping their customers resolve the problem quickly.  When it comes to rebates, stick with reputable outfits or play it completely safe and just go with the low prices at Amazon.  I know I will not be purchasing from Tiger Direct again.  Fool me once...  

+ i have has this player for about two months. its a great player but, the software that it comes with is horrible! and even with windows media player its very hard to load music on. when you are going through the songs  on it you could feel the hardrive move in your hand. its not really a down side but i found it to be surprize. after about a month of music playing. the music on it started to skip horribly! Just like a scratched cd. but on the other hand its very durable. i dropped it about 10 feet.it still works great. (the skipping started way before i dropped it) the only visable damage was a little chip in the corner. there is no accessories. you could try to piggyback some of the ipod accessories. and it always feels like it could just snap in half if you look at it wrong. the picture viewer is nice, but you dont really need it. could use a fm tunner bad! the earbuds that come with  are huge and stick out of of your ears. the 10 gigabites are quite nice to load your whole music collection on. i wouldn't mind the draw backs if it was a little cheaper. i sold my ipod mini for this, thinking that i was getting a great player. i was very dissapointed.   so if your in the market for a mp3 player i would go for a ipod. right now the online apple store has a refrbished mini for $150.   

+ I'm the kind of guy who listens to his MP3 Player constantly.  More than 6 hours a day.  This product is alright and is not really worth the money.   Pros: Pictures and music.  Plays both WMA and MP3.  Nice screen and easy to use. Sound quality is alright  Cons: The Gigaroom(software) sucks and is not as good as Musicmatch and iTunes.  The casing is easily broken.  Can't make playlists on the player.  Can't look at playlist with out going to the main menu.  It's annoying and an iPod or even a Dell Jukebox will be worth more of your money.  Just do your research and be careful what you buy.  

- I was unable to get the software for transferring music to this device to work properly.  After several frustrating episodes, I ordered Windows XP so that I could use Microsoft Windows Media Player 10 which, according to the documentation, could also be used.  It made no difference.  Thankfully, Amazon allowed me to return the product.  Overall, the experience was very frustrating and costly.  I paid a 20% re-stocking fee because I did not return it within 30 days and I paid $188 for XP.  As a final note, I find XP to be considerably more cumbersome than the Windows 2000 I replaced.  Not an experience I care to repeat.  

+ This is a great, simple mp3 player.  I don't mean simple as in it's features because it has some that an IPOD doesn't have, but simple as in easy to use.  It took me 5 minutes to download the software, get it hooked up and started ripping cds. I am a busy parent and to me, I-tunes is just way too much work.  With this, you put in a cd, push a button on the docking cradle and that's it, it does the rest.    

- Not someplace I would buy from again.  The product does not work as described.  We have attempted to contact the seller.  The phone only has answering machine for a message and they NEVER return the calls.  We contacted Toshiba and they sent new discs and everything to try and fix the machine and then told us to return it to the seller.  We are STILL trying to do that with NO SUCCESS.  "Beware"  

+ best product! easy to use, the batteries last forever, and i love the video and picture options!!! definately a must have!  

+ I'm a non-technophile, I just want to listen to music as quickly and easily as possible, and the MuVo N200 allows me to do precisely that.  Its plug-n-play and jog away.   Purchased Nov. 9th, the 256 MB model.  Within minutes of getting it out of the box the N200 was on my computer via the provided USB cable and I began dragging and dropping music files into it.  Turned the N200 on and music came flowing out, exactly what I wanted.  Didnt install the software til later, and didnt need to.  Thats how flexible, easy and intuitive the device is to use.   PROS: 1.)  Size - its so small, and very light weight too.  The Professor/Boss will never know you have it in your pocket. 2.)  LED screen - nice back-lighting with easy-to-surf menu. 3.)  Sound quality is very good, and the Equalizer can be custom-set so it sounds exactly as you like it.  Excellent! 4.)  Somewhat less expensive than many others I compared. 5.)  4-button control design is great.  One button is for power/play/pause/off, depending how long the buttom is depressed.  Two others are dedicated to volume high/low.  And the last one is a wheel for selecting menu funtions, press the wheel in to confirm a selection.  Brilliantly simple.  Fits in the palm of the hand and the buttons are easy to recognize by feel alone. 6.)  Every option is included - comes with an energizer battery, an arm band, a nice protective carry case, an USB cable (these arent cheap) and another cable for patching directly into other audio devices: 7.)  One can record from any audio source now, even the FM radio.  It also has a microphone to record and send message files to your girlfriend...trust me, this helps justify the new toy. 8.)  Battery life seems very good so far.  5 hours of loud playing and only 1/3 drop in the battery indicator. 9.)  Name of song being played scrolls across screen during entire song.  Plus time song has been playing and EQ setting. 10.)  Has super fast USB 2 port capability.  But still recognized the slow 1.1 USB port on my old computer and that worked fine too.  Flexibility, I like that. 11.)  *I've heard* that the warranty on this item has been extended compared to previous models, but cant confirm this yet.  See gripes about web support below.   Bottom line:  I love this thing.  It does exactly what it says it would do and the price is right.  Its EASY to use and offers extraordinary flexibility across platforms.  You can get music from just about anything now, just dont forget the cables.   CONS: not to be pessimistic, but this is the most important part in evaluating a potential new purchase:  1.)  Earphones - if you've read reviews of other CREATIVE products then you know the earphones are nothing to write about, so I'll end it here.  Buy your own, they're not expensive. 2.)  FM radio reception only does well with the very strongest of stations.  Mildly strong stations cut in and out while moving about and weaker ones are all static.  Reception is far inferior compared to my 10 year old Walkman so its not me, its the N200. 3.)  Funny, faint buzzing sound every time the LCD backlight is on...which is anytime one pushes a button.  Not a bother really. 4.)  The order of the songs loaded onto the N200 is instantly alphabetized.  Does not retain the order in which you load them or attempt to re-arrange them in Windows.  I've heard there is a way around this, but I dont know how to make play-lists.  I'm no technophile and I dont want to be, I just want to hear music.  This affect/feature is a little annoying. 5.)  Web support - so far I have none.  Tried to register the new product using the included software and continuously received failure messages.  Then it gives the option to register online, so I tried this and found that the N200 is not yet listed as a product on the registration site, so that failed.  I sent technical support an email asking what to do.  Still waiting for an answer.  So I cant determine my warranty details.  I'm sure they'll work it out eventually. 6.)  The case is fragile looking/feeling.  Make use of the nice rubberized carrying case included. 7.)  Menu is nice and easy to use, but the organization is a little random.  Makes it hard to flip flop between FM music and the mp3.  You have to stop jogging and fiddle through the menu.  Once I accidentally erased my station pre-set instead of turning it on.  This menu might have been more logically organized, and almost prevents a 5-star rating.  More like 4 3/4 stars. 8.)  The instruction manual is a little sparse on info, but certainly adequate to get a 'Quick Start', since this thing is so intuitive anyway.  Overall I really like this device and recommend it highly.  Its' a lot of bang for the buck.  

+ This little MP3 player has a lot of power and features for its size!  While there are many brands of MP3 players on the market, I prefer this model of Creative for its compact style and durability.  For half-hour workouts in the gym, it is ideal!  Creative shines with this product, maintaining its reputation for high quality computer sound.  The flash drive has no moving parts, so there is no worry that it will skip or be damaged during an active exercise routine.  I would have given it five stars, but the sound buzzes faintly when the display is illuminated.  While the faint buzzing lasts only a couple of seconds, I would think a company like Creative could do better.  Overall, this player is a good purchase for the money.  I have no regrets!    

+ I own the 512 meg version in black.  I saw this white version and thought the color plain looking, but I didn't realize until I came home that the cool protective rubber holder is a frosted white rubber, so the white player actually looks much better in the holder than it looks by itself.  Had I known that, I would have considered this less expensive model.  Still, though I have it in 512 meg black, I like this player very much.  I wanted an mp3 player for working out and running. I am one of those guys who reads everything they can about something before buying one. What I read about mp3 players was a bit worrisome: countless reports that mp3 players break or have minor problems. So I picked up a Memorex Biomorph (I liked the size and features) along with an extended warranty beyond the 3 month product warranty, and sure enough, with light use, the product died with lots of strange nonsense on the lcd screen after 4 months. (I "reset" the device per technical support troubleshooting, but it didn't help.) I went through the hassle of returning it and getting reimbursed, minus the 40 dollar extended warranty cost. And I set out to read all the reviews I could before buying another mp3 player. I read the most positive reviews and least complaints with the Creative MUVO series.   My requirements: Driverless flash drive [I use it to transfer files between my laptop and desktop, and I want the convenience of being able to plug it into any of my friends' computers, Mac or PC, and share files/music], arm band for working out, FM radio, small and light [so a AAA battery model, not AA], and 1 year warranty (this is no longer negotiable). Microphone recording a plus, but not a requirement.   The Muvo series fit the bill. I wanted a flash memory player, not a small harddrive, because for me it's mainly a workout device, not a home for all my music. I came close to buying the Muvo Slim, because I loved the idea of a lithium ion battery charging by USB, and I think it looks very cool, but the leather cover has no place for a belt clip, and it lacks an arm band entirely, and so I went for the Muvo N200 ("micro").   So far the unit has really impressed me. The Memorex came with a bulky, cheap nylon arm strap that was the size of a belt, and even on its smallest setting, was huge. The Muvo Micro, by contrast, has an excellent arm strap, suitable for a variety of sizes, made from a nice smoky-grey slightly stretchy material. It has a well-sewn extra place to secure the Muvo, too, which they could have skipped, since you could attach the Muvo anywhere, so it is a nice touch. The Memorex used a very cheap thin faux-leather case for the Biomorph, while the Muvo really surprised me by having a case that is not merely a cover to prevent scratches, but is a thick frost-white rubber sleeve that the Muvo slips into. It's pretty cool: clearly if you drop it, and it lands on one of the three corners protected by the sleeve, it will be well protected (it might even bounce). In addition, unlike a vinyl cover, this leaves all of the buttons easily accessible: i.e. it's not like a ski mask with holes for the buttons (this was a pain on the Memorex, as the vinyl kept slipping over the buttons). The buttons are well laid out, too. Even after four months, I always had to think for a second or two to remember which buttons were for what on the Memorex. The Muvo makes more sense. For example, the volume up and down buttons are by themselves (not next to other buttons), and they border the lcd screen. The volume up botton is on the side where the bar increases with the volume, and the volume down button is on the side where the bar begins: so it's easy to make second nature. The play/pause button is also by itself somewhere else, so you don't accidentally hit that. Overall, a very good layout.   The lcd screen is small, but it's sharp, and you can adjust the brightness, contrast, etc. As others have said, there is an audible buzz on the headphones while the backlight is on, but that lasts about two seconds, and it doesn't bother me.   The menus make a lot of sense. One very nice feature is the ability to make the screen appear upside/down. This way YOU can choose how you want to wear the player while working out, and then if the screen appears upside down, just flip it. It's those little things that I was happy Creative thought of.   Another thing: I was quite surprised that the Memorex didn't get very loud. I usually had the volume on maximum. The Muvo, by contrast, is much louder, so I can have control of the volume back, keeping it around 2/3rds, and then adjusting depending on mood, surrounding noise, etc.   The earbuds which came with the Memorex were painful and were garbage, but the Creative earbuds are actually pretty good. I did have problems keeping the right earbud in my ear while running, so I'll probably go back to my pair of padded over-the-ear headphones which I prefer. But I was still pleased with the quality of the Creative earbuds: e.g. they don't hurt.   The USB 2.0 cable that comes with the Muvo is a small-standard USB cable, which means that it's the same cable my digital camera uses, as well as many other devices. This means you can replace it at any store should you lose it and, more practically, it means I can just share the cable I use for the digital camera, thus cutting down on clutter.   I haven't tried some of the advanced features, such as on-the-fly recording of any analog source through the input cable. I also plan on trying some rechargeable batteries.  When I do, I'll revise the review.   One final recommendation: I do recommend you consider the size of an mp3 player before buying one for working out. I saw a picture of a Sandisk I was considering, and it looked small, but when I saw it in person, it was huge compared to the Micro.   

+ This little device is the Swiss Army Knife of Mp3 players. I already own an iPod, but wanted something smaller to carry around and load Mp3 to without the hassle of iTunes. I looked at lots of players including the RCA Lyra and iRiver, but what sold me on the MuVo is the ability to record directly from audio sources like tape decks, Turn Tables and the like. I can just hook up the inlcuded stereo mini plug and convert an LP or cassette into MP3 while listening to it! No need to mess with the computer and Mp3 software.  I have a G4 power mac at home, and this little device works perfectly with it. It just shows up as a Disk Volume when connected to the USB port. I can drag and drop Mp3 files and they play just fine on the MuVo. It's nice to be able to bypass iTunes when you're in a hurry or just need a few files dropped on. Of course you can drop other files like jpegs into the MuVo as well.  I also enjoy the FM radio function. It's nice to have handy if you're stuck somewhere or just need to check traffic or weather. I have not yet used the built-in microphone. Battery life is great, with just one little AAA powering the MuVo. If it dies I can just pop in another one. Unlike the iPod, which you have to charge using a special cable and power outlet or computer firewire port.   This is not a replacement for the iPod, although lately I tend to carry the MuVo more because it's light and convenient. Sound from the MuVo is amazingly good. It's as good as the iPod and even includes a Graphic Equalizer to customize sound. The included headphones are OK, but not very comfortable. At any rate they're easy to replace. The only drawback is the small amount of storage. 256 MB can get eaten up pretty quick....so I find myself deleting stuff a lot. On a per megbyte basis the 20 gig iPod is a better deal, but the MuVo is a great first Mp3 player or even a replacement for a USB flash drive.  

+ This MP3 player represents an incredible bang for the buck purchase, and is the perfect MP3 player for those looking for something to use for their workouts or those of us who want to spend under $100. 2 points that were important to me were the quality of the music experience and the look of the player: Quality of music:   -Excellent playback, I ripped a Tribe Called Quest CD to start out with and was amazed at the clarity, the volume can be raised to too-loud heights, which is great.   -The FM tuner, which was a deciding point in my purchase of this product, far outperformed expectations.  This really is an FM tuner that works, not an after-thought add-on that doesn't really live up.   -The software that comes with it is very intuitive, and I was up and running within 10 minutes, most of that time being waiting for the tracks to copy from the CD to my computer.   -The headphones are not as bad as expected reading other reviews, but yes, they could stick better.   Look: -Very cool, fits in the palm of your hand, and has an easy-to-read, very sharp LCD display.  Comes with a rubber casing to protect against drops without taking away from the look. Overall, cool-looking machine.  In summary, I cannot recommend this product highly enough for those people who don't need the huge memory capabilities of the Ipods and others, and who are looking for a high-quality player they can take to the gym without breaking the bank...  

+ As a novice to the mp3 player world I was looking for a device that would fit my criteria for a player that would perform well during workouts:  1)  Consistent, excellent sound;  2)  Non-interfering with workouts.  After reading the reviews on the MuVo Micro N200 I decided to buy the player and put it to the test.  I have been doing cardiovascular workouts for over 25 years and have used the best technology available during those years.  Needless to say, going from portable radios, cassette players, compact disc players and now mp3 player has been a mix of success and failure.  I had become so disappointed in the past that doing without seemed better than the hassle of dealing with faulty players.  Until now.  Without a doubt, the MuVo Micro lives up to the reviews.  Every time I put the headphones on I get clean, clear sound with no skips, hesitations, bobbles, etc.  just pure sound all the time.  I tried using the armband that came with the device as well as clipping it to my shorts.  Both ways work well, my preference being to keep it clipped on.  The only negative I found is something common to alot of reviewers.  The ear buds provided are not the best for active workouts.  I bought a pair of Philips SBC HS500 neckband headphones and they work flawlessly with the mp3 player.  I estimate that the 256 mb holds about 10-12 cds worth of music.  More than plenty needed for an hour workout.  Downloading was essentially drag and drop with no drivers needed with my XP computer.  Overall, I am extremely pleased with this device and have finally achieved something I have been wanting for years; consistent, hassle-free sound.  

+ I've been in the market for an MP3 player for some time now, and I've looked at the iPods and considered getting a shuffle, but the Apples are clearly too much hype over nothing.  If Steve Jobs put his vomit into an off-white plastic case and sold it, everyone would still be running to buy it.  I was seriously looking at the iRiver branded MP3 players, but after reading multiple reviews of their inferior build quality and price premium, decided to settle for the Muvo N200 or the Sandisk.  The Sandisk was comparatively too large and bulky, and thus I settled on the Muvo N200.    It offers the most features for a very reasonable price- song shuffling, FM radio, microphone, a LINE-IN jack for recording from an input source, fast USB 2.0 connectivity, a very easy interface (hey, it's just plug and play!), and many attractive colors (I finally settled on orange and white).  I prefer the N200 to the TX series or the upcoming V200s, because the N200s are of the one piece design, rather than have a detachable battery section.  So, a quick glance at the well equipped N200 package.  It comes with a;  - mini-USB to full USB cord - very decent earbuds that come in iPod-white (I found them quite comfortable, even at the gym, and are attractive as well) - a nice soft neoprene like plastic case (with built-in belt clip) that has a side opening allowing easy access to buttons - line input cord  - arm band for working out at the gym  First impressions: I was shocked at how small the N200 is!  It's about the same size and thickness as a cigarette lighter, very unobtrusive, yet very functional.  Construction appears to be robust and well made.  The sound quality is superb, and sounds as good as my Creative sound card, lol.  The volume is easily tunable, and the wheel for scrolling through menus is intuitive and easy.  The LCD screen is backlit in an attractive blue; there is a bit of a buzz when you press buttons as previous reviewers have noted, but I did not find this to be a problem or irritation for me.  Despite the screen being about 1 cm x 2.5 cm, it can surprisingly squeeze a lot of text and images in it, that are easy to read.  256 MB is fine for me, as I mainly need this as a workout player.  I have no problems running with this MP3 player, as the earbuds do stay in my ears.  It uses a single AAA battery rated at 15 hours according to Creative; I haven't been able to test the battery to its maximum potential yet, but at 6 hours so far, the battery life is still on maximum.  Even better, since the plug and play interface is so easy to use, the N200 can also function as a backup USB flash drive for storing those important files!  The radio is fine for a unit this small.  Bass is surprisingly good! and settings can further be tuned with the onboard graphic equalizer.  So in conclusion- no problems so far.  I'm very happy with the purchase, and it's a great little flash based MP3 player for the buck!  Trade in your iPod today!  

+ Its tiny. Its full of functionality. Its easy to navigate after owning it for 3 days now. With earphones it is plenty loud. With an FM transmitter I have it turned up all the way. Been using it 1.5 hours a day for the last 3 days now & works great so far. Folder navigation is great. Playing options for shuffle, repeat, ... are perfect. Line in recording is to MP3 & works perfect. Mic recording works good too. I always keep it in the case & all the buttons & plugs & such are all available for use in the case. I love it, I love it, I love it, I do.  

+ When I first got this mp3 player, I thought, this is going to be awesome. Because I read you can connect it to your CD player, and get songs from your CDs onto it. And you can, if you don't mind listening to... FFFSHSHZZZHSHHHFSHHSZZZZ... and now your probably thinking, "Then why the hell did you give it five stars?" Well, the sound quality of the mp3s is amazing. And the voice recorder is so fun. Which by the way, costs 30-40 dollars for apple to install, and the FM radio is great, and costs 30-40 dollars for apple to install, and you can even record a radio station for songs you like on the radio. I even fell in love with the headpones, their tiny, and very compact, with great sound. Just forget the whole WMA songs. A few people gave this product a bad rating because it only holds 4 hours. Well that should'nt be a major problem at all, because the software is the easiest thing to use since a stand-up shower. Just update it whenever you get bored of the songs. Summed up, this is the smallest, most compact mp3 player (about a third the size of an iPod) with great sound.   

+ I've only had this mp3 player for a couple of hours and from what i have tried on it it works great. It had great song and is easy to work after you look over the manual a little bit. And it even comes with an Energizer battery, not one of them no-name batteries that only work for a little while. And if you have a Pc once you connect your player ir reconzes it so you can start adding songs one you set everything up.  I gave this MP3 player 5 stars becase this is my first MP3 player and I never had any expierence with them and after having it for about an hour I knew exactly how to use all of the features liek the FM radio and the microphone, which actually works pretty good. And not to forget how small it is compared to some of the other players I saw when I was shopping around for a resonable player.  its about the size of a lighter. The only bad thing is that the earphones are kinda big for my ears so its kind of irratiating when I have them in for a long time. But other than that I recommend that if you looking for a good MP3 player for under a hundred dollars and you want a good quality one, this would be the perfec choice.  

+ Why settle for less, when you can get a brand new original iPod Video 60GB for Free! I got mine from this web site:  awesomestufffree.com/ipod-video  

+ The Toshiba Gigabeat 10GB is an excellent value.  It took a while to get used to the navigation system, but I now find it easy to use.  Accessories are not as easy to find as for some other brands, but I have managed to acquire the important basics such as a car charger and travel charger. I am overall very satisfied with the purchase and would again choose it over other options.  

+ I love this mp3 player because it's a great value.  It costs much less than an Ipod, and I think it works very well.  Using it takes a little getting used to, but no more than other products.    

+ This player has been basiclly pretty good for me. If you plan to download off of CD's it's apiece of cake, but downloading off the net is difficult and dissapointing. This is not all the fault of the player, but partly why ipod has had more success. The photo viewer is nice, but it takes photos off the computer with out asking and I have yet to be able to figure out how to delete them. All in all the player is good bang for the buck.  

- I bought the 60GB version of this MP3 player multiple years ago. and i never use it. why? the interfacing is ridiculous. you cannot easily make playlists on the fly. it is frustrating to get to the music you want to, and half the time i end up settling for some band in the A's or B's, because getting to the L's or T's is such a pain. Another huge annoyance is that artists names such as "the Pietasters" all show up under the T's. I would just turn it into a large equivalent of the Ipod Shuffle (and just have 4 or 5 star songs on it), if getting the Gigabeat to work properly with the computer weren't such a pain.  Previous to this MP3 player i had a 40GB Creative that i used obsessively. I miss it terribly.  

+ I wanted a nicely priced mp3 player to hook up to the stereo for my business. I have been very happy with the Toshiba Gigabeat. The buttons are easy to maneuver, which is important because different staff use it. When I want to update the playlist I play during business hours, I just bring it home, connect it to my rather slow and dated computer, select the files I want to transfer to the Gigabeat, and then wait awhile. Once I figured out the best way to transfer files via Windows Media Player, transferring files became a snap. I bought a cable to hook up to my stereo receiver, so simple for a non-techie like myself.  If you just need this for music, this is a good capacity mp3 player for the price. I've never had problems with it freezing or malfunctioning. The buttons sometimes seem to either not respond or are very "touchy", but usually they are easy to maneuver. The 40GB capacity is more than ample for my needs, but there are larger capacity models as well. I bought a silicone case for it which is nice because it gets bumped around a lot at work. I also have an FM transmitter in the car which works great with it when we take a rare vacation.   

- Did someone say file management?  Race through and install ALL of your image files and convert them into a form that you can do nothing with.  Take your totally useable .mp3 files and turn them into unusable and unmangageable .sat files.  Next, make trying to move these files off and on to the gigabeat to avoid duplicates impossible.  Trying to prepare this unit for sale on Amazon, I found no reference to returning to original factory settings at hand.  Using Windows XP sp2 to format the drive was a mistake.  I hadn't found this out until I sold the unit and was looking for any missing documentation.  It was no use anyway, The unit would bring back things that you've deleted.  The Gigabeat room software would tell you that something is there when unplugged it isn't.  There isn't any Toshiba factory support.  The 1.1 USB is hell-of-slow especially with 2 Gigabytes worth of 700K files.  This unit is generally hostile towards non-commercial music such as my 78s collection on .mp3, my recorded gigs of David Kafinetti (from spinal tap) with bird sounds, train sounds and people I find the need to record.  This thing does not do well with those.  Why do you people always want to see a "Genre".  Sansa was like that also.  What on earth is up with you people?  I will not have my musical tastes pigeonholed.  Thank you not.  Towards the end, it stopped working altogether with the 2.0 USB, Always switched my 1024x768 SVGA to low-res VGA, and slowed all other processes to a crawl while losing track of itself.  A complete and utter failure at filling MY need to put my favorite old 78 records into a form that I can listen to often.  Don't waste your time on this one as it most assuredly will.  

+ I bought this for my 30 year old daughter and she loves it.  I didn't want to spend twice the money for an I-pod and bought this figuring that if she got some enjoyment out of it, it would be worth the $180 bucks.  She loves it so much her mother-in-law is buying one for our 9 year old grandson.    

+ I have had my Toshiba Gigabeat F40 for at least a year.  It works great and I have had no issues.  I have 222 artists and 518 albums on it so far.  I use Windows Media Player and I don't have any problems downloading music.    

+ Just got my Gigabeat F40.  I love the quality of the photos, the screen size is nice (better than my husbands IPOD 60gb color).  The funny thing, when I upload my CD's, so far I only get the CD art when I do it through windows media player cd rip.  I love the sample music and hope that I can figure this thing out to do the same with photos and pic at the same time (instead of starting a song a then menuing out to the photo section).  Need to also figure out how to upload directly from my camera to gigabeat.  So far so good. No tips yet though.  

+ Love the screen. Album art is great and photos are spectacular. Gigabeat software is buggy and needs alot of improvement. But it works, downloaded 250 CD's without any problems. Software always seems to freeze, but no problems to end result. The different equalizer settings are not very different. But it plays well.  

+ It seems everybody has an Ipod these days.  The Gigabeat looks more stylish and has a better display.  When I ride the train to work in the morning, others look at my Gigabeat with envy (Especially the iPod owners) and ask "what is that thing". The color screen draws attention.  I've found it easy to use with Windows media player 10.  I don't particularly care for the headphones that were packaged with it, but everything else is top quality.    

+ Only tried this player since the iPod isn't compatible with a subscription music service like Napster but you have to live a few major flaws.  1)  Only syncs at USB 1.0 speed with Windows Media Player 10 or Napster's software.  You have to use either of these if you want to listen to copywritten material like Napster's music.  You also have to use the cradle.  Toshiba's software is 2.0 speed and you don't need the cradle to sync but you can't download copywritten music!  2)  Navigation needs some serious improvements.  You can't sort by song title!  And... when playing a song, you can't view other songs on the album without first navigating to ALL artists, then drilling back down to the particular album your currently playing.  Very annoying.   3)  After only one month of use, the player frame is already starting to creek when I push the buttons.  My iPod didn't do that after years of use.    Other than these things, the unit is fine.  The color screen and picture sync is cool and simple to use.  The sound quality is also solid but the earbuds wouldn't even stay in my ear.  But perhaps ears are the problem since iPod buds did almost the same.  I'd look into another brand (e.g. Dell) if you want to use Napster (or comparible) subscription service, though they may have flaws too.    

- Don't let the size of the HD, the display resolution or, the navigation pad fool you. This product could have been great...but it's just OK. The biggest drawback for me was not haveing a "now playing" playlist. You can't just grab a track here and a track there and add them to a playlist. You can play selected tracks only from a prexisting playlist created from the gigabie software on your PC. The navigation buttons themselves are very cool, I'll admit, but the operation of these buttons in not obvious.  Only after reading through every page of the manual did I understand how to some of the most basic operations [such as returning to the main menu while a track is playing]. I purchased a Dell DJ [20g] a few years back and never had to read a page. The operation was obvious and easy to use. Personally I think it is a decent product, howver if your looking for an alternative to the ipod craze, as I was, you may want to look elsewhere for something with a more simple and obvious operation.   

+ This baby not only looks good its da biz i got it recently no regrets!   

+ I purchased this Toshiba Gigabeat because it was only about 2/3 of the cost of an iPod.  I saved over $100.  I had a friend who told me about the Dell Jukebox, so I figured this one matched up pretty well.  Well, I didn't research enough.  While the color display on the Gigabeat looks pretty sleek and sexy, the sound quality really isn't all that great.  It's not bad, but not what I was expecting.  I had to go out and get state of the art headphones to make the music sound good.  Forget about the headphones that come with the Gigabeat.  They don't stay in your ears for more than 10 seconds if you're moving around.  Even while laying down, they'll still come loose.  The play list on the Gigabeat REALLY frustrates me.  You can't add and subtract songs from the playlist on the Gigabeat itself, which is insane.  Horrible job on Toshiba's part with that one.  The software is very easy to use and I haven't had a problem with it, as some people have.  My problem was having to load Windows XP onto my computer to use it!  I was using Windows ME, and the program would not load onto it.  That was a hastle in itself, but it was about time I upgraded.  Now, let's talk about this whacky + in the front that you use to control the song selections.  Looks neat, but doesn't work all too well.  I'm also not a fan of the buttons being on the side panel, and only having 2 buttons control about 30 features.  It gets complicated, and annoying.  Many, many flaws with this Gigabeat, but it's cheap, sounds decent, and holds a TON of music.    

+ Alright, I'm somewhat crammed with homework, but I just had to give a short mini-review of the lovely Gigabeat. I'm a college student, and at 19 years old, life is pretty hectic, and so tedious walking in-between classes made me want something more. I know a lot about MP3 players, desiring on since uh...probably since I was a junior. An iPod would be nice, but I'm not even close to the definition of rich, so I decided to stick with my CD player. Eventually, I saved up enough to get myself a Christmas present, and so I traded in a 512MB iPod shuffle I got for my birthday for a Gigabeat at Costco. It was the best decision I've ever made. At 249 at Costco, which is the same price for: iPod Nano 4GB or Creative Zen Microphoto 8GB, the Gigabeat trumps those competitors with its massive size of 40GB, although its way larger than a Nano and slightly bigger than a Microphoto. The screen however, is to die for, as its 2.2" and has the same QVGA resolution as the new iPod 5th gen, but with 200,000 more colors. This thing is beggin' for video. I saw the Gigabeat X30, which sadly isn't released in the US, but rather Japan, which costs $311 on some website, is shorter than the 40 and doesn't feature the protrusion on the back of the F40, which is quite weird. I quickly installed the Gigabeat Room, and found that it was very buggy. It froze on multiple times, and it has a few other bugs (I will explain later).  THE PROS AND CONS (Rolled into One) +The screen is amazing. What can I say? However, the sunshine's glare makes it nearly impossible to read anything, and the fonts usually "white" and if you download other QVGA wallpapers, it'll sometimes be unreadable in some spots. The Screen Themes are all cool, making it truly stand out against the iPod. -NO VIDEO! ;( Gah! This thing is crying for video, due to its QVGA display (the same as iPod 5th gen), and its fairly large size of 2.2 (the X30's 2.4 would be even better though). It could be possible through a firmware upgrade, but Toshiba's forgotten about the US (as its already released 3.0 firmware for Japan, and THREE OTHER GIGABEATS, TWO WHO SUCUEED THE F40! The P5 and P10 are their new Japan-only Flash-players, and the F41 (which doesn't feature the protrusion), but looks exactly the same otherwise, and the X30, which I've already talked about.  +Size? This is both a pro and a con, because the new X30 is .57 thick, and the F40 is like .65, I believe. The iPod is only .43 thick, and it weighs only 4.8, while the F40 weighs 5.75 oz. I know that the X30 weighs less than the F40, but I'm not sure by how much, but it probably weighs more than the iPod. The size fits into a pocket perfectly, but it doesn't fit in any iPod case, so you'll have to either: a) find a sock and cut and sew it into the perfect shape (i did that) or b) spend $19, which includes shipping, and by from OneCall (the supplier), a zCover silicone case, which works fine.  +The Player's Shell: The casing is amazingly durable, as I've dropped the player once, from...probably 4'? and it landed smack onto thin carpet and paused for 1 sec before playing again. The shell resists against most scratches. It also feels really good in my hand, and I love the metal as it rubs against my hand.  -The Player's Shell: The metal wrapping that's a darker grey than the rest starts to squeak and very slightly, starts to move back and forth just a little, and I've only had this player for like 2 weeks. Hopefully, this doesn't mean that the player will have future problems.  +Dedicated Volume Button. That's great! +PlusTouch: This is a minor "plus", as you actually have to not just "touch", but you have to apply force. Touching will make it sometimes move and sometimes not. Just push harder.  -PlusTouch: You begin on the first entry in Artist/Album, etc, so you'll have to scroll all over again if you go back. Also, from the top, you can't just hold the up button to go to the bottom of the list, you have to do a quick-tap to move it, then hold it down to move farther up once you reach the bottom. This is extremely aggrivating, since it requires two movements, a tap and a hold to move to the bottom of the list. Also, from the MAIN MENU (if you're playing a song), YOU CAN'T RETURN TO THE NOW PLAYING SCREEN WITHOUT SWIPING YOUR FINGER FROM LEFT TO RIGHT ACROSS THE PLUSTOUCH. PLUS!!THE MANUAL DOESN'T STATE THIS! YOU HAVE TO FIGURE IT OUT ON YOUR OWN!! -The Side Controls: Okay, whenever my friends try to use the player, its pretty hard for them to figure it out. I mean, WHAT KIND OF DESIGNER MAKES THE ON/OFF BUTTON RETURN TO THE MAIN MENU FROM THE "Now Playing" section? You can't figure that out without having someone to tell you, or without reading the manual, or without having to try and mess with it to figure it out.  -NO USB 2.0 FOR ANYTHING BUT GIGABEAT ROOM! Toshiba is making you use GR is you want to transfer anything in USB 2.  +Subscription Services. Yay! It works with Yahoo Unlimited To Go, but unfortunately they just raised the prices from 4.99 to 9.99, so dang. +Battery Life: Hmm. This is a tricky category. Well, I've gotten 17 hours, 24 minutes on the first overnight drain, but then, I got 15 hours 45 minutes when I actually used it at school. Toshiba says 16 hours, so I guess this is pretty close. Charging is pretty fast, and you can charge from USB, although you can't play music while charging from USB.  -CHARGING: When you are charging, the volume sudden drops dramatically like 3 steps, although it won't change on the volume screen. Once you unplug, it'll return to normal. The first time this happen to me I was like "Holy crap. These $40 Sony Fontopia in-ear 51's just died on me!", guess I was wrong.  +/-Earbuds: They don't fit my ears, and I couldn't get them to go in, but they fit my brother, so I dunno. It's just about your ear size. I just tossed them aside for my Fontopias, which have amazing quality, although they aren't worth $40, unless you're an audiophile. Normal people, just save your money and go with the stocks, if you wish, as they have okay quality (my brother says this), and they have no hissing, which is great. My brother thought they were great stocks, better than his 4th gen iPod photo, so I gave em over to him.  +Low Priced! You get 40GB for the price of either 4GB flash (iPod nano), or 8GB Microdrive (Creative Z MP), and iPod 5th gen costs 50 bucks more for a .3 bigger screen, less colors, easier navigation, but most of all, 10GB less! 7 (+), 7 (-) THE SOFTWARE Gawd, this software sucks. Both iTunes and WMP10 have their share of faults, but at least they ain't buggy.  +RipREC: This is a great feature, but you can only rip in WMA and in 192kbps, which is why I rarely use it. I use WMP10 to rip in MP3s in 320kbps (double the quality), and then use Gigabeat Room to transfer. The thing transfers directly to the Gigabeat, so if you have a dinky 40GB internal HD like me, you'll love this feature, although I use a flash memory key to store my music temporarily for Gigabeat Room.  -Bug #1: I planned to download "Stripped" to my Gigabeat, and so I did, after ripping it from WMP10 first. I've done it plenty of times, but this time, it made me 20 albums in Album mode, all of them being named "Christina Aguilera". However, if you go to Artists, "Christina Aguilera", it'll only list her "Stripped" album, which isn't anywhere in the Album folders. WTF??? I deleted the 20 songs, but now, you can't delete the 20 "CA" folders. I've tried and tried, even on Windows Explorer, but those folders refuse to be deleted.  -Freeze! Gigabeat Room froze constantly for me, even though I have a 2.2Ghz Toshiba laptop with 512MB memory. It sometimes recovers, but sometimes it will freeze and you'll have to "End Task". This can erase the songs you were trying to download the Gigabeat, although sometimes it won't. I was downloading The All American Rejects, when it froze midway and deleted all the songs that I had already dl'd from the album.  -The software comes up with a message everytimes you turn it on. Annoying.  -You have to go to the Gigabeat's Setup to change whether from WMP10 or GR or Choose When Start Up. The gigabeat was set on WMP10 and the manual doesn't state this clearly, at least, how to change the setting. -TWO MANUALS! WTF? This is a major sign that you'll need a 4th grade reading level. Anyways, the major reading that you'll have to do gives a sign that this player is complex. And it is. If you don't read the manuals, using GR will be difficult, unless you're accustomed to throwing manuals away and learning on your own.  -No firmware upgrade! Japan's already got 3.0 and all we have is 2.02! Why, Toshiba, why?! -The design and layout of the Gigabeat just sucks. It looks ugly, with some of the stuff copied from iTunes (such as the metal brushing look on the top.  +Set to All: Hey it works, and this is VERY GOOD, since in both iTunes and WMP10, you don't have this feature so you must tediously go through individual songs, instead of highlighting like the GR and just using STA.  -SAT. No, not the tests, ladies and gentlemen, although they share a common factor: they both suck. Yes, SAT is added to the end of MP3, making the songs you store on the Gigabeat locked (although you can still delete them Windows Explorer style), you can't play them anywhere else.  -SAT: PART 2: Okay, this part deserve another negative. You can't just store songs on here by draggin and droppin. So therefore, if you were planning to use this player not only to listen to your library, but to store your library (if you have a dinky HD like me 40GBs no less), you're outta luck. SAT prevents this, so if you're against this too, let's protest. However, a firmware would fix this, although, Toshiba has seem to have left us.  2 (+), 7 (-) Conclusion: With bad software, no firmware upgrades (other than 2.0 to 2.02), the Gigabeat is bogged down with those faults. However, the player is pretty good, and is "CHEAP" (listen up if you're on a budget!). This decision is basically up to you, now, although I won't return my Gigabeat, but I'm going to call Tech once I get the time and see if they have a solution to the bugs.   

+ My Dad got me this for X-mas.  Many other people probably found it under the X-mas tree too in 2005.  Only works with XP??? WTF!!!  That pisses me off!!!  Come on, that's just poor for design.  I have ME now and now I have to throw down the dough for the XP.  Whatever. Like I said in the title; it was a gift.  I didn't pay for it.  The software was not designed perfectly, and once I get the XP up and running, I'll probably delete all the files I hastily loaded off my Dad's computer X-mas day because my music files are all over the player and in different folders.  The player is excellent.  The design is excellent.  The sound is excellent.  The picture quality is excellent.  There is no video, no radio, but who cares?  Think about it:  do you really want to watch a show on a tiny screen?  I don't.  That's what I have my tv and portable DVD for....and as for radio, who the hell still listens to AM/FM terrestrial radio?    Lots of people out there don't know anything about these players, so at the gym, people always come up to me and ask me questions.  Girls especially!!:)  The ipod is an ipod and so many people have them now it's almost like their cliche.  Not as cool anymore.  So, when you sport something different, people want to know what it is.  Even though it was a gift I still know the pricepoints and when you get down to brass-tax; dollar for dollar, this player (despite it's flaws here and there) is still enojyable and can't be beat.  Let's face it: no techno-toy we own is perfect.  ....I need Windows XP anyway.  I hate windows ME.    

+ Pros: Excellent display; large HD; charging while connected to the USB port of a PC; good sound for casual listening; sofware allows bypassing a PC Hard Drive, while transfering from CD.   Cons: No way to load and listen to raw CDA and WAV files or lossless, such as FLAC or APE formats (such a huge HD and you are forced to squeeze your audio files into a highly compressed, very lossy format!) As I mentioned before, sound is good for casual listening, but lacking for a true audiophile. I would gladly pay double the price, if I could just load my music files and enjoy them without converting into all that lossy, double-extension nonsense (.wma.SAT).  The software, Gigabeat Room, is very buggy. It crashes once every hour or so and then resists termination of its process, thus requiring a system reboot. The program permits listening to your files, but you can't preview any image files you may want to load to your Gigabeat.   A couple more drawbacks: no drivers for 64-bit`operating systems. No support, no updates for the Gigabeat Room software, which needs some improvements badly and urgently). The battery is non-replaceable, so when it gets bad, you can kiss your Gigabeat  good-bye.   Conclusion. This is a pretty good product, which can bring a lot of enjoyment, provided you're not looking for a pristine audiphile-quality sound and are willing to suffer some pain of frustrations while loading it up.   

- Once again, Sony has designed a great product with incredible functionality only to severely cripple it with over the top digital rights management. I bought this unit to transfer legally purchased mp3 files (that do play on my iPod) only to find out that they "cannot play". Sony tech support indicates that the hardware will not allow mp3's to play if the drm cannot be ascertained - I sent them one of the files and they couldn't figure out why it wouldn't work either. It does do some things exceptionally well, such as play music, has fairly simple controls, great battery life and takes disposable batteries as well as a rudimentary but functional display that lights up to make it easier to see at night. It also holds a lot of songs as Sony indicates in their literature. Unfortunately, it does require that you use the Sony supplied software to transfer songs into it - and the Sonic Stage software is nowhere as user friendly as the Apple iTunes software.   

+ The unit is small, light, and easy to use.  The faceplate/button combo has a firm feel to it with no sloppiness.  The only thing I am a little disappoined in is that I can only fit 133 songs on the unit, but for the price, I can live with it.  I can live with it just fine.  One more point;  The AAA battery gives all the time promised and then some.  Overall, I love it!  

- Listen to Gadgetphile's review - I got this player today as a birthday gift, and I get the CANNOT PLAY message for every MP3 that I own (yes, OWN; I've never downloaded an illegal MP3). Evidently, the people who love this player use Sony's music service and ATRAC format. Thank goodness the giver kept the receipt; this player is going back to the store tomorrow. As usual, Sony is so obsessed with proprietary formats that they've ruined their chances in another lucrative market. This is the Betamax of MP3 players.  

+ this is my first mp3 player and i just chose it after a good research over net and considering my budget.at first wanted to buy an iPod but considering the fact that,going to buy a PMP in near future,decided to go with flash-based players and also lower the price as much as i can my choices now become:creative zen n200-Shuffle-NWe100 series.considering shuffles lack of features my main choice became N200 because of low price and featured-pack  package,but when i saw all those awfull ratings reviewers gave it and seeing it at store i went with my last choie:NW-E103 cause it has the nearest price to N200 and never go back. and now my expressions: after i got it,i must say it is very beautiful and stylish(i picked the one with Orange color)to hide in your pocket!and also very small.sound quality is extreme as expected from sony products dont let other reviewers confuse you,it IS excellent. and for the software side you can either Drag&Drop by updating mp3 file manager to v.2.o or using sonicstage 3.0-i must say after reading all those reviews which say it is a crap i found it very useful and also beautiful UI you can with a little effort import all your library and(you must rearrenge it) and then transfer them.you can also convert your songs to atrack3/plus and reduce their size so that you can double or triple your players space,wich i find very nice and useful,you can play with the settings and choose the bitrate that best suits you-in most cases you cant tell the diffrence after compression. the unit itself is well-built and can last a long time.face plate buttons are very intuitive and nice my only compliant is the usb cover and Hold switch wich are not that easy to operate and wish it had 512mb or 1gb thats why i gave it 4 stars. over all very happy to buy it and recommend it.  

+ Overall, this MP3 player works fine. The included software (SonicStage) comes with a utility to convert MP3 files over to Sony's proprietary format - ATRAC. Converting the MP3's over to ATRAC3 format is kind of time consuming, but if you're trying to cram as many songs as possible on there it can be of benefit, since the file size is smaller after conversion.  The features of the unit are nice for such a low-end MP3 Player. You can adjust bass and treble, along with "Sound" level, which I gather is some kind of sound-enhancement utility. The little slider on the top of the unit is nifty, allowing you to switch between "Folder" mode and "Track" mode. I like to organize my music in folders so being able to switch between folders with ease is a must. The slider also allows you to go to "Hold" mode, which is a similar feature to locking the keypad on cell phones. If you select Hold mode, you can put the player in your pocket and not have to worry about accidentally pressing any buttons. Then, of course, you have standard options such as Repeat and Shuffle.  The SonicStage program interface is probably one of the worst designed applications I've ever seen, but transferring files in it isn't so difficult.  Overall I would say that if you have money for an iPod or an iPod Nano, get one. The only reason I got this instead of an iPod Shuffle was the LED on the front. I like having some kind of a display. But the iPod and iTunes are BY FAR the best products on the market when it comes to digital music. If you're just looking for something simple and cheap, and don't mind a little extra work then this is the player for you.  

+ Teenagers love gadgets and this one saved the day.  We bought the Sony MP3 player for Christmas (we opened early) and I set up and downloaded the 5 songs that came free with the purchase of the player.  Setting up the software was a snap, and downloading the free songs was easy.  Moving them over to the player took less than 2 minutes and the playback was wonderful.  My son's friend has the same player, however an older version, and his headphones are not as good as my son's are.  This player has sound volume like I never imagined such a little player would have.  It's small and fits into a shirt pocket easily.  I also love that it came with all connectors and software, to include ear covers.  The music can be stored in folders or individually, which helps keep things in order.  The software also has the ability to transfer your current music into the network format, so you can have your favorite songs (legally purchased) converted over to the player.  I love it, and more importanly, my son really loves it!  

+ This is my second mp3 player and I love it. Before buying this one I had a Creative Micro Zen, which was amazing, but worked for only a month, then the headphone jack brake and since I didn't have the guarantee (in fact I bought it in Canada and I live in Chile) I just sold it by pieces. Then I made an extensive research and I realized that-of the people I know-the ones with Sony mp3 players were the happiest, in fact they were more satisfied than the people who owned iPods. So I bought this player.  The first thing I liked about it is the small size and weight (useful). Putting music on it it's easy too, eventhough transforming 100 mp3 songs into atrac3plus took me like 2 hours o__o. Anyways...the sound it's nice too, I have some big noise-cancelling Phillip headphones and the player works really nice with them. Oh, and a AAA battery last a lot(I bought the player on Xmas and I haven't change the battery since then...).  So if you're looking for a cheap player, try this one, it's the best choice =)  

- I'm glad I don't write reviews right away after receiving a gift, because I would have mistakingly given this product a good one.  I thought the sound was pretty good, and was impressed with the amount of songs it held, and the battery life.  I received the Sony Psyc MP3 Player (in blue) for Christmas.  That evening I set up the software, used my 5 free downloads, and put a couple of my own CD's on it also.  Everything went smoothly, and I used it a few times, thinking this thing was great!  My problems started when I wanted to transfer all my purchased downloads from Realplayer.  This mp3 player wasn't supported.   I put the mp3 player on my dresser and there it sat for about 2 weeks.  When I went to use it again, it would lock up and/or shut itself off.  I couldn't access the menu, and my computer wouldn't recognize it when I hooked it up to the USB cable.  After sitting on the phone with Sony, I realized this thing was just dead.   So I made an even exchange for the same style Sony.  I went to transfer the songs I purchased from the enclosed Sony software, and it says it cannot transfer this type of file. HELLO??? It's from your site Sony!  You can't even accomodate songs from your own site?  I've had enough of this $90 piece of junk.  I would never recommend this player to anyone.  It's been nothing but a headache.  

+ look this thing is perfect fro people who want quality but dont want to pay a arm and a leg for it ipod shuffle cost a little more and has no screen how am i supposed to memorize 300 songs in order to find them no im not going to   imp3 players dont need a radio becuase they get horrible reception probably becuase there is no ANTENNA duuuuuuu ill just stick to a portable radio or my regular radio i dont want to listen to the radio when i got the music i acually want to listen to   who needs a voice recording radio recording ec... because mp3 players dont have any removeable parts you cant remove the recording so it is stuck in your player and all you can do is listen to it i rather have a tape so i can take it out and move it around  you dont really need alot of expandable memory becuase no one listens to 400 songs or more if you do then you are insane just delete songs you dont really like or trade songs back and forth when you get bored of a song but you want to keep it  we dont need video becuase if your working out or walking or sleeping ec.. then you dont want to watch some video of some kind so why pay 100 dollars more for it  the software isnt as hard as people think it does play mp3 you just need the patch i got the website for it and there is a patch for the music you can download you can get the music from a music match to and probably more   the shape is wierd and that makes it so much more great becuase you dont have to look at some ugly square or rectangle i-pod cough cough  and the shape makes it so it fits in your hand perfectly  no cas that is lie look on there website they sell one it should come with one but sony is a bunch of greedy exectutives   overall this mp3 player is the best   if you want the website for the patch to download mp3 or for diffrent downloading sites my email is hapkidoninja@yahoo.com  

+ First I must say that I am a fan of Sony products. I have always liked their performance and their price. I own several items including a Home Stereo, two digital cameras, a video camera and my home computer is Sony.   So naturally I looked at Sony when I decided to buy an MP3 player. I read the reviews and shopped around. I decided on this one because the 1GB ones were on backorder. I was very concerned over the reviews that said the Sony Proprietary software was difficult and a real hassle to mess with. Now maybe I am biased because I like Sony, but the software was no more difficult than anything else. I downloaded the software, rebooted the system, and within minutes I was downloading music and listening. No problems, no hassle. Maybe it is because it is a Sony computer, but it was easy.   Now I am not going to say that it is the greatest MP3 player out there. But if you are looking for a good quality sound with a fair price. I highly recommend this one. I would assume the 1GB would be just as good, only it holds more music. As far as that goes, The 512MB is pretty good as far as storage. I don't have quite the 345 songs that it claims(around 200), but most of the songs I have are over the 3.5min. average that they suggest and I still have 100MB of storage left. The battery seems to last quite a while like they claim too. I didn't get out the stopwatch and time it exactly, but it is a long time on one battery.  If you would force me into finding something negative about this item, I would have to say that the button that switches it from file to folder to hold is a little hard to move to the correct position by touch alone, but that to me is minor. So, overall I am pleased with the purchase and well worth the money. If I had to do it over again, I might get the 1GB just because it could hold more, but I'm not sure that I need all that anyways. Enjoy!   

+ Why settle for less, when you can get a brand new original iPod nano 4GB for Free! I got mine from this web site:  http://snurl.com/ipodnano4  

+ I rate this product ++ compared to Shuffle. It has a very nice and sexy looking display. No need to say about music quality. Earplug coming with this player is of cheap quality. Would suggest for a better quality headfones.   

+ The hardware is great. I'm very impressed by the battery life, weight, etc. Unfortunately there are two problems with the software/firmware which are overly proprietary. 1. The device is incredibly finicky about codecs. Many files can be played only by converting them to WAV and back to MP3 or ATRAC. 2. There's no drag and drop, you have to use Sonic Stage to get files on the device. So if you plan on buying files from Sony or using Sony's software to rip cds, it's great. But if you want to leave the Sony bubble and use, say podcasts, it can be a serious hassle.  

- Here's the rub. If you use a legal download service such as Rhapsody, the files won't play in this device. So, you are forced to use Sony's at $1.00 a track as opposed to .79 or less. I blew 20 bucks downloading from Rhapsody into my sony and it wouldn't recognize the files. Really a pain. I just wanted a small, lightweight MP3 player. What I got was a big pain in the butt.  

- Listen to the other reviews.  The proprietary sony format ia a pain and kills this for me.  I usually love sony stuff and the hardware may be good but the proprietary format conversion is too much for me.  I switched to a SanDisk that works well for me.  

+ I have had mine for about 3 mobths.  It does exactly what I want it to do. I wanted it to play music in the car as I have a daily commute to work.  I have a tape player in my car, so I bought a tape deck converter and play the music from the sony network walkman through the stero system of my car.  The network walkman is very easy to use and the battery life is long.  Just remember to turn it off!  In my case when I turn off the car, the player is still playing and I have to manually turn it off or it runs down the battery.  The only thing that disappoints me about it, is now they have come out with the cutest pink/gray version.  Very girly and fun!  

- All of my past MP3 players had a nice, easy, drag-and-drop interface for loading files, but this one insists upon using the Sonic Stage program to load files.  Since Sonic Stage crashes my computer every time I try to run it (there's a conflict with some other software I currently have loaded, and I gave up trying to find out which software it was) I'm stuck having to load Sonic Stage on my work computer.  This means every time I want to change music I have to burn my music to a disk and drag  the dang thing to work, load the music onto my hard-drive, re-start my computer, THEN add music to the MP3 player.  Mostly it just sits in a drawer at home because putting music on it is just too much hassle.  I think I've actually used it about five times since I "treated" myself to it for Christmas.  Great value for my money, huh?  

+ Well, I got this little dude for my birthday and by gosh by golly, it worked well.  It still does, but I gave it back to the person who gave it me so they could upgrade me to a Creative Zen Micro 5 gb.  They haven't filled up much if it, but they will ;-)  Okay, so here's the scoop:  -Dropped it on the sidewalk.  NOTHING happened! Not even a scratch! -Dropped it on the kitchen floor twice -Dropped it on hard carpet  None of those did ANY damage whatsoever.  And okay, I wish I could use iTunes with this, but oh well, Sonicstage is okay and it compresses quite well.  The sound quality is great, but if you want it to be excellent, hold the play mode button so it turns to S1, then press it again.  S2 is the best.  Also, you can put it on shuffle and stuff, which all of them could do, so I'll kinda count that out.  It is pretty cheap!  A 1 gb iPod Nano, which holds less somehow, actually costs twice as much.    Oh, and I love the battery life.  1 AAA battery lasts me about a month.  I like that better than charging my new one.  It's got a backlight.  Nothing special, but convenient nonetheless!  Last, but not least, it's TINY! And LIGHT!  I can't even tell it's in my pocket!  If you don't have a whole lot of music (25 CD's or so) this is perfect for you.  The space was adequate for about 9 months, and it was a good 9 months.  

- - can't use it play 80% of the mp3 files on my hard disk. - its a real pain to get any file on to the device - no support whatsoever for unicode file names  now i use it mainly as a storage device. mp3 player? forget it.  sony has completely ruined its reputation.  

+ I currently own this product and in a few mins I am ordering another one!!  We had 2 "other" brands prior to the Sony...this is my far the best!!  Its lightweight...small (like an oreo cookie) only uses one battery that lasts forever!! And its easy to use!  It most certainly downloads music off the internet, you don't have to download only from the disk!!!  I uses Ares for my music...no problems! Perhaps those who cannot read the manual should ask a kid to do it for them.  Not to be mean, it's just that my kid was the one who figured out how to do it!  LOL.  For the price its perfect!! Its user friendly!  Highly recommend for the kids......its a tuff little bugger!!! Be careful because a lot of mp3's out there do not take music off the internet...but this one does!  Who needs an iPod???  Besides people think iPods are so wonderful (huh) that people get beat up for them....ugh..duh!  Play it safe and get a Sony Psyc!!!!  

- First and most important, the battery life is NOT, repeat NOT, what it claims to be.  The only reason I purchased this thing is because I figured I would save money with the extra long battery life when it came time to purchase batteries.  Think again.  Strike one.  The sound quality is just plain bad.  Most of the time there is an awful hissing noise in the background.  I also like my music loud, but at full volume, you won't get eardrum-thumping sound, no matter what phones you use with it.  Strike two.  Sony's music connect service is the worst I have ever seen.  I purchased an album a year ago and it still can't finish the download.  Like a fool, I actually tried again and I still experienced the same problem.  Two albums purchased and no music to show for it.  MAJOR strike three.  This product sucks and so does Sony.  

- plastic casing looks so cheap, earphones looks generic, compared to ipods , quality is incomparable. sonic stage software, is hard to manage, worked fine with windows XP pro, but when updated the ver 3.0 that originally came with the player to ver 4.2 fialed to work had to go back to ver 3.0 and ver 3.0 doesn't  work on windows XP mediacenter.  Sound is decent enough but max volume is not loud enough.   

+ I've had this little player for probably 2 years now, and it's always been a very easy to use, dependable and TOUGH little unit. Mine's been left in the car for a week at -40, it's been stuck inside a hot glove compartment for days, it's been dropped, thrown, covered in dirt, all sorts of abuse, and yet it still runs beautifully. one AAA battery can run for 50-70 hours, depending on brand. Can't get much better then that! My ONLY complaint is there's no drag & drop option, you need the program, but thats minor.  As for people saying it won't play certain MP3s, out of all the times I've used it, I've only had that error on maybe 5 MP3s out of hundreds, and sometimes, just RENAMING the file so it's only alphanumeric made it work fine.  [...]  

+ I don't know why people were annoyed with this MP3 player. It has simple instructions to follow, and only 6 steps to do everything. It was easy to intall the program for it, and it transferred my music to the program, which was awsome. It was really easy to transfer my music into it, and it lets you make your own playlists, then transfer them, which is wonderful. It's also great that you don't have to plug it in, you just have to change the battery, which is faster and makes the MP3 last longer. I love that it's a sony too, so I know it'll last a long time. In short, it's a great MP3 player!   

+ So I have seen two pretty bad reviews here and let me tell you, those people are doing something wrong!  I have had my Sony Network Walkman for 2 days now and I LOVE IT!!   This is my first Mp3 player and being the technology idiot that I am, I was afraid that I would get this thing and it would take me days to figure out how to use it.  Well, within 15 minutes I was beginning the process of transfering the better part of my music collection onto this itsy bitsy tiny little thing.  It was so easy to use the software.  It even came with 5 free music downloads from SonicStage.  The thing I am most impressed with is the sound quality.  The only songs that suffered any quality (only a little bit) are songs that are copies of songs that are copies of songs that are copies of songs.  Understandable.  But the rest of them are crystal clear.  You can adjust the eq only a little bit, but for me, its enough.  I like the bass a little heavy and this player satisfies that.   All in all, I believe that I got really got my money's worth.  This absolutely a great purchase, I love it, I love it, I love it!    

+ I love this little tiny MP3 player. I really have no complaints about it. The software is easy to install and user friendly. The MP3 player itself is so small and lightweight yet easy to operate, even while running. It never skips either. I loaded music on it right away when I got it and was amazed at how easy it was to convert my music files to their sony software and then the transfer was a snap. The sound is great and I am using basic headphones from a previous Sony product. Possibly could be better with better headsets, but who knows, the sound is plenty for your ears. I highly recommend this one. For the price you can't beat it!   

+ You can go with the flow and buy an iPod or you can be smart and buy this awesome device with superior technology.  Here's a side by side comparison with the 1gb iPod shuffle:  - Number of songs:  iPod (240), Sony (680) - Battery life:  iPod (12 hours), Sony (70 hours)  It's not even a contest!  You don't even need a brain to figure this one out.  You'll waste 6 batteries on a Shuffle for every one on Sony.  I've never listed to a Shuffle but I can say the quality of the music on here is awesome.  However, I must admit I do own stock in Apple because I know all those dumb people out there will continue buying them!  

+ Despite all the reviews out there warning about file transferring and sony mp3 players i decided to get this b/c it was the most banf for the buck.  The mp3 player and software are actually both pretty easy to use.  You just basically load the songs onto the software and transfer the songs onto the player.  Simple as that.  The software can convert the songs from mp3 format into atrac3-plus format when you are transferring songs, so that way the player can hold more songs.  I've uploaded a little over 500 songs onto my player at 64-kbps and the quality isnt noticeably different from my other mp3s.  Another good thing is that navigation is pretty easy on the mp3 player.  You basically organize your songs into "groups" and you name your groups, e.g. rock, sum 41, r&b, etc., and you can just browse to the group you want.  And you can shuffle/repeat the group you want or all the songs in the mp3 player.  You can also browse song-by-song, which doesnt take too long, the navigation goes pretty quickly when you hold down the buttons.  The battery life is also very good.  You can use the thing on one AAA for more than 40 hours.  The mp3 player also resumes the music you were playing immediately when turned on. So overall a great mp3 player, but for the following:  it takes a long time to organize and transfer songs onto the player, took me an entire day to do that.  Plus, although the group navigation kind of is adequate, i wish this player supported regular playlists.  I guess thats the drawback with flash mp3 players.  If you dont travel alot and can put up with charging, I would definitely suggest shelling out a few extra bucks for a mini harddrive player.  But this is a extremely good player for those taking trips where charging isnt covenient.  Another negative aspect as that the player is kind of flimsy.  Looks ok, but it doesnt seem to be extremely sturdy.  The player is extremely light, even with the battery installed, so goes good in your pocket or whereever.  I also own a larger 20GB harddrive mp3 player and I like this so much better.  It's lighter, and battery life is awesome, and just seems to be more hassle free.  Further, with the larger, i felt i was carrying around a ton of songs i never listened to, while with this, its always playing my favorite songs (sum 41 rules, btw).  Well, over all a terrific player.  Well worth its price.    

+ Some of the reviews here contain materially false information.   This player plays MP3 songs directly, without the need to convert them to ATRAC3/ATRAC3plus format. This is covered at great length in the manual.  This player supports drag-and-drop for MP3 files. The SonicStage software is only necessary if you want to work with ATRAC. Look online for the appropriate version of Sony's "MP3 File Manager" (version 2.0 as of this writing).  For those who want to work with ATRAC, SonicStage is a stable and reliable application, when used in a stable and reliable environment. It is best to use Windows XP, install the lastest updates, use virus-checking software, and avoid running software from untrusted sources.  

+ I really don't understand the hyperbolic criticism of Sony's SonicStage software.  It took me all of five minutes to figure it out, without even looking at the manual.  Clearly, some of the reviewers here have failed to read THEIR manual.  There's no requirement to use SonicStage;  your PC will see the NW-E107 as just another USB-connected storage device.  Use Windows Explorer to drag and drop your MP3's, if that's the format you like... this unit plays them just perfectly.  I suppose if you have a humongous library of MP3's, and for some reason you really really really wanted to be able to manipulate them through SonicStage, you would become frustrated that you had to first "transfer" them into the SonicStage library and put them in a playlist.  But this really isn't the best use for the included software.  The advantage with SonicStage is realized for someone just starting with assembling a collection of portable music files.  The ATRAC3/ATRAC3plus compression algorithms designed by Sony allow you to cram an incredible amount of music onto this tiny podlet.  It's really remarkable... I'm currently walking around with 27 full-length cd's on mine.  This is plenty for me to choose from when I go running, or have to get on an airplane, or have an extended stint at the old computer keyboard at work.  The unit weighs practically NOTHING; the packaging it comes in weighs more than it does.  Even with the AAA battery in, it simply disappears in a shirt pocket, you don't even feel it there.  It's great when working out; when I'm out running I just pop it in the pocket of my shorts.    The controls are simple and intuitive.  Is it "feature rich?"  Gee, I dunno... it plays the songs, lets me access them easily, lets me shape the treble and bass (you get three preset levels, one the flat factory setting, the other two user configurable... I have one setting for general use and one for inside the motorcycle helmet).  You can preset a volume level that will be your default whenever you fire it up.  There's some other stuff it does, but that's all I ever need, so I haven't spent too much time monkeying around with the other features (lots of byzantine repeat modes that I would never use in a million years).  I program computers all day, the last thing I want to do is have to program my personal stereo.  I'm giving four stars instead of five because the little plastic plug that covers the USB port is kind of tricky to pry open, and because there's no way to clip this thing onto your clothes if you happen to be without a convenient pocket.  Also, I'm not totally sold on the earpod headphones... but I have a pair of Sony PSYC headphones that I love, so no biggie.  Otherwise I am totally pleased with this purchase.  Under $150, and I have triple the song capacity and triple the battery life of a $300+ iPod.  For me, that's worth sacrificing all of the file-sharing-with-friends features that probably appeal more to kids in high school and college.  I just want to listen to music.  This little guy does the job for me.  

+ "Flawed Fatally" and "SonicStage Suicide" are pretty much right on in their appraisals.    The hardware is awesome.  I don't regret getting this gem.  I just squeezed 20 albums on this puppy with roughly 250+ songs.   And the battery life is spectacular - Sony must employ some of the best power management experts on the planet.    However, and this is the big frustrator, the Sonic software IS the worst piece of crap I've ever used, going back to the DOS days of the '80s.  It's horrendously slow (almost like watching the grass grow), weirdly inaccurate (in it's gauges showing transfers), unintuitive, and basically a scam (my opinion) to get you out to their website to sell you more music.   BTW, since the instruction manual says you can't drag-and-drop MP3s and have them play, and since I tried this and it in fact doesn't work just as the folks at Sony truthfully say, don't believe that you can despite what other reviewers here say.  What you can do is drag-and-drop files, so you could use this as a portable memory stick, but they really don't play... at least I haven't been able to get them to play.    In summary, however bad the software is, the hardware is still amazing and I hope that I won't have to interact with the software too often.  I even went out and downloaded the latest software from the 'net, so don't think this is just an outdated review and new software might be available.  I suggest to Sony that they skip from version 3.2 straight to 5.0, fire all the developers of the present software and go get a team who can whip off something worthwhile.  And, develop drag-and-drop for MP3s.  

+ IM NOT GONNA SIT HERE AND WRITE A REVIEW THATS VERY DETAILED, SOME PEOPLE ALREADY DONE THAT SO WHAT IM GOING TO SAY IS SIMPLE AND EASY. THIS MP3 PLAYER SIMPLY RULES, THE HEAD PHONES IS SO SO. THE SONIC STAGE  SOFTWARE THAT COMES WITH THE MP3 PLAYER IS SO EASY TO WORK, U SPEND 3 MINUTES READING THE CARD TO SHOW U HOW TO ATTACH THE MP3 PLAYER AND HOW TO COPY MUSIC FROM YOUR PC ETC. ITS SO EASY FOR ME I BOUGHT THIS CD PRETTY MUCH TO RIP MY CURRENT CDS ONTO THE PLAYER... IT WORKS GREAT ALL U GOTTA DO IS INSERT THE CD  AND IT READS IT STORES AND ALL VERY FAST.  IF U RIP A CD U BURNED U CLICK A SEPARATE BUTTON CLICK  IMPORT SONGS AND THATS IT U ARE DONE, LABEL THE FOLDER AND ITS FINISH. DONT SEE WHY SO MANY PEOPLE ARE CRYING CAUSE THEY CANT FIGURE THIS OUT. I DID TONS OF RESEARCH ON THE NET BEFORE I GOT THIS MP3 PLAYER AND IT SIMPLY ROCKS. ONLY THING THAT SUCKS IS IT DOES NOT COME WITH A NECK STRAP BUT I HAD A OLD DIGITAL CAMERA THAT HAD A NECK STRAP THAT I FIT ONTO THE MP3 PLAYER SO PROBLEM SOLVED. 5 STARS FOR THIS PLAYER  

+ My Sony 1gb mp3 player does a lotts working time on one AAA battery. The music is super quality, though I suggest another headphone set! Connected with FM transmitter for car stereo & is great there as well. Only drawback it does not play WMA digital proteced rights managemet. Can be corrected to play with program called Tunebite Works with wma sound files etc.. Also could use a band or something to secure to your body Mark  

+ If you're thinking of buying an I-pod Shuffle, get this instead.  It's cheaper, easy-to-use, has a screen so you can select songs/albums, and fits more music.  Oh, and it has a pretty good battery life.    

+ After some careful research comparing players, I decided this Sony was the right player for me because 1) I primarily want to add music from my CD collection, and this software, despite everyone's bellyaching, produces MUCH better sound than IPOD's.  I earned my living as a music critic for svereal years, and the SONY sound is absolutely excellent. For classical music there's no comparison. 2) I travel overseas a lot and the ease of changing a little AAA battery, which lasts for 50 - 60 hours, is wonderful.  I know I'll have my music because I'm not dependent on finding outlets with the right plugs and risking blowing up my player on a bad voltage connection.    Many of the complaints seem to arise from assumptions made about the player and capabilities it was not intended to feature, rather than product which doesn't live up to its claims.  I've just bought a new SOMY Walkman A3000 20 GB because I want more storage, but I will keep this little beauty because it's the only one I know that runs on a battery. I'll also replace it if I can, should it's life run out before a newer version is available.  

- I have loved the unit itself.  I had a minor issue in which I had to send it off for warranty work a few months after the purchase.  It has worked great & I have enjoyed the quality of the MP3 player itself.  The problem is that after less than 2 years of it being out, it is no longer possible to find the armband to carry it in.  I have looked all over the Sony website & called their Sales department.  It is not available anywhere.  I have used the Google search engine looking for any place that might sell it.  Amazon has a listing for it, but does not have any to sell anymore.  

+ I love this little MP3 player from Sony!I have two of them. They are perfect for working out...BUT something majorly malfunctions after about 6 mos of use! When the player gets ready to go haywire, the battery will go dead- which seems to be an easy fix;I've replaced them successfully numerous times before, but this time when the battery is replaced, the player seems to lose its mind! The display reads "Data Access" and will not stay on for more than ten seconds, and flashes Data access every  subsequent time it blacks out.Within an hour or 2 of this happening, it ceases to work at all.When this problem felled the second player of mine yesterday,it popped loudly. I happened to be listening to it at the time. Sony charges a flat rate of $77.00 on any repair plus whatever costs might arise if they fix it,so there's little point in trying to repair one of these since you can go buy a new one for about the same price.There is apparently some design flaw,but these little players are AWESOME while they last. Just wish Sony could get them perfected...  

+ This player works great. I have owned it for a little over a year now and it has been going strong. I wanted to clear up a few misconceptions that older reviews seem to focus on...this player DOES NOT have to be used with Sonic Stage software...at some point, Sony included a download in their updates section that allows you to download an mp3 transfer program. Although it's not as nice as the drag/drop format of a newer player, it sure beats importing to ATRAC and then converting to MP3. You can find this download on Sony's support site at:  http://esupport.sony.com/US/perl/swu-download.pl?mdl=NWE107&upd_id=1936&os_id=99  For some, since this player doesn't have any functions like voice recording, fm player/recorder or sleep timer that some of the newer players now have it may not be worth it to buy this model. For people like me who just want a simple mp3 player, nothing else I've seen comes close to touching the 60 hours of playback time that I can get from one single AAA battery. (I also own a Sansa m240 mp3 player and only get 16 hours from the same size battery and can take the dead battery out of the Sansa and it will play another 5-6 hours in this Sony!)  

+ An excellent item. The only drawback is that the system does not receive radio signals very well without something plugged in acting like an antenna. When the antenna or the power cord are plugged in reception is good but bad otherwise.  

+ I'VE FOUND THAT IF YOU SCAN TOO QUICKLY THROUGH SONGS THE UNIT LIKES TO LOCK UP. PLUS MY RESET BUTTON WONT WORK. OTHER THAN THAT, AWSOME DEAL FOR $45.  

- If you take a magnificent piece of hardware and put horrible software, what do you get?  JUNK!!!  The HARDWARE construction of this product is OUTSTANDING!  The SOFTWARE is absolutely USELESS!!!  PRO's: - Sound quality is AMAZING for coming from such a small package.  Speakers are only about 1.5" in diameter, but deliver the sound of a large boombox!  (Almost seems like the Bose cube speakers) - Size is incredibly small for such a huge-sounding device (7" W x 2" D x 2.5" H) - Stylish with a clear-on-white body finish (very Apple-ish style) - Battery life is very good -- It has always lasted through lengthy cook-outs (Labor Day, etc.) and is a great way to bring big music to a party without wires. - Carrying case looks like it will take a beating and protect the unit.  CON's: - Software is HORRIBLE!  It requires that you install their version of Musicmatch.  No other way to get music onto it.  Even then, you have to jump through many hoops to get it to work -- VERY FRUSTRATING!!! - 256 MB of memory - Radio reception is terrible (can't get ANYTHING, even with the antenna) - USB 1.1 takes about 30 minutes to load the full 256 MB with music - Sporatic crashing (must be reset by jamming a paperclip into a rubber nub in the back) - Ruberized door on back has cheap snap-shut clips that break off within a few uses (back panel is always open now)  Once you've suffered through the painful music loading process, you will swear never to change the music on this thing again!  However, with only 256 MB, you will soon be tired of what seems like 10 songs over, and over again.  To sum it up, the concept for this unit has great potential -- but not the way it's implemented!  Sound is great and awesome for BBQ's, beach, etc.  Philips needs to make it compatible with other software products and allow track drag-and-drop onto the device.  Windows Media Player will NOT work on this.  

+ It looks great, it sounds great, it has go-anywhere-but-in-the-water practicality. But there is no longer any excuse for Apple to make iPods that scratch as soon as you get them out of the box. There are now clear, scratch-proof coatings, such as the DURABIS polymer TDK has invented for blank DVDs, and Apple should be using them. iPods would keep their cool factor for a lot longer if they didn't get scratched up so quickly. Early reports suggest that the battery life meets the product specs, but it is important to keep an eye on this since Apple is not famous for being forthcoming about battery performance. iPod battery life has never been impressive at its best.  

+ hi from what I see the ipod nano has great durabiulty great sound and lots of other things.I do not have one but I hope I will be getting one for one of my presents .My friend has it.It is so cool.Good jod apple  

+ hi from what I see the ipod nano has great durabiulty great sound and lots of other things.I do not have one but I hope I will be getting one for my bar mitzva.My friend has it.It is so cool.Good jod apple  

+ This is the coolest MP3 player I've ever seen! You wont believe how thin it is until you try to hold it on your palm! Here are some reasons why I love this MP3 player:  - Incredibly small, thin, and very light. - Well designed, fit on your palm, pocket, or pencil case. - High resolution colour screen, shows albumart, photos, and games in colors. - Superb sound. - Click wheel; easy navigation as the original iPod. - New features:   > World Clock   > Stopwatch   > Screen Lock - now with iTunes 5, it's easy to sync AddressBook, Calendar, etc between Ms Outlook and iPod nano. - with flash memory, the nano is 100% skip free; a true sport companion. - headphone jack at the bottom, making it easier to read the screen (without rotating it first) when we take the nano out from our jeans pocket.  Although it comes with lots of advantages, yet:  - 4 GB is the maximum capacity possible. - USB connection only. - No charger adapter, you should use the USB connection to recharge the battery. It means the computer or laptop should be around you. Make sure you bring your laptop on your vacation. - Only two colors available, black or white. No more pink, blue, green, etc.  Accessories that you may like: - The lanyard. With this earphone, you can wear your iPod nano as necklace. No more tangle and you can change the music right away without reaching your pocket. - The silicon case. This silicon case comes in colors and will change the look of your iPod nano. It will also protect your iPod from scratches and prevents it from sliding on a tilted table or slipped out of your pocket when you're sitting.   Overall this is a really great product! Before deciding to buy this MP3 player, make sure you have USB 2.0 on you computer or laptop. Some people had bought this nano and having USB 1 connection on their PC, making the song transfer a painful and time consuming process. It will takes hours to fill up your iPod nano with USB 1. Therefore, the existance of USB 2.0 on your PC is crucial. Also, if you are frequent traveller, it is a good idea to buy another accessory for recharging the battery og your iPod without connecting it to PC. Otherwise, you will have to bring your laptop with you or look for PCs on your vacation to recharge your nano.  

+ I got a "hands-on" look at these at my local Apple Store.  I think this is the best iPod yet.  It's even smaller than I thought, yet feels very sturdy.  An advatage over other iPods is that it uses flash memory instead of a hard drive and still has a screen.  Flash memory is more durable - no moving parts, perfect for exercise.  There are some downsides.  The battery will eventually wear out, forcing you to replace the entire iPod unit.  Storage capacity is not expandable - bad if you find you want more space. It doesn't come with many accesories - you'll have to buy them separately.  Overall, this is one of the best portable audio players available.  I guess quality comes with a price, but there is a way to get the 4GB iPod Nano in your choice of color for free! [...] This is not a scam - it's a legitimate offer from Gratis Internet, who've received much media attention after giving away millions in products like iPods and PSPs, just to name a few.  This company's offers have been verified on CNN Headline News, Wired News, BBC News, Tech TV, NBC news, etc.  I frankly thought this was too good to be true, until I saw all the proof that's out there!  Whether you choose to purchase it or get it for free, I highly recommend the iPod Nano!  

+ The battery will eventually wear out. But becase of integrated battery type in this device, it is likely  you will  be in hard time of replacing it.   

+ This thing rocks! I received it as a present and really love it. This is my first iPod of any kind, so here goes.  The Good: 1) Size & Design - Need I say more? It is very small and looks stunning. Apple have done it again!  2) Easy-to-use Software - You use iTunes to organize your files and import them to the player. It can also be automatically synchronized to add or delete files to your player as needed. 3) Good Sound Quality - The quality from the earphones is wonderful. Bass, mids, treble: all there!  The Bad: 1) Picture Import - Pictures can only be imported by folder, so if you want to put just ONE picture into the device, you have to create a separate folder for it and then import that. 2) Scratches - Nanos, especially the black ones, get scratched VERY easily. Note this before you put it to use and perhaps purchase the necessary bag/film/other protector to keep it looking new. 3) Battery Replacements - I'm actually not sure about this, but this thing looks like it's solidly closed. Will there be a way to change the internal battery when it expires? I don't know.  This is a super player! You will love it! Buy it! :)  

+ After being an ipod owner for the last two years, I was in the market for a second iPod. I slept on the iPod mini and I'm glad because now there's the iPod mini. I love it. I was worried that it'd be a total drag to set up but it was perfectly compatible with all my previous iTunes stuff. I didn't have to even load the included CD all I did was downlaod the latest verisons of the iPod updater and I made sure that I had the latest upgrade of iTunes.  The nano works with all my previous cables for my 3rd generation iPod. So after I removed it from the package I plugged it in my previous iPod's AC adapter. The one draw back is the nano does not include an AC adapter but you can still charge it with the usb cable. I was able to get a full charge in about an hour with the AC adapter. With that said, I highly reccomend this amazing mp3 player. It exceeded my expectations. The ease of use, the design, everything is wonderful. Now you may think...why spend money on an mp3 player that only holds 500 songs? Well, how many people do you know that have time to listen to 5000 songs everyday? I can manage my playlists. I control what's being fed into my iPod and I like that. This is a great 2nd iPod for current iPod owners and a treat to first time buyers.   

- I was initially pleased with the ease and low cost of this unit.  But, as they say, you get what you pay for.  In two weeks time I found myself constantly interrupting my workouts to turn it back on.  It would just die, for no apparent reason.  Sometimes it would last 30 minutes.  Sometimes 30 seconds.  I changed the batteries.  I checked the menu options.  It made no difference.  For its replacement, I've paid more attention to the reviews and less to the price tag.  

+ I have had this MP3 player for about 4 months and couldn't be happier.It came with an AAA battery which lasts from 15 to 20 hours.The sound during my exercise periods is excellent.It is easy to download music using a USB mini cable which attaches to the MP3 and will even let you know if you made duplicate selections. The small size in no way compromises the fidelity of the music.  I would strongly recommend this MP3 player for its value, acoustics and size.  

+ It's probably been about 2 years since a review was writting for this iPod, but hey; I'm bored, and it's 3:35 AM. Anyway, I originally bought this thing a couple of years ago. It's still functioning properly and I've never had that many problems with it, and you can't imagine how many times this thing's been beaten around! The battery life has been pretty exceptional, though I can tell it has been getting a lot worse for the couple of years I've had it. I really thought I would have to replace the battery, but that was unnecessery.   To this day, I have been using this iPod with no problems (other than some click wheel problems, but that was easily fixed), and if you don't want to spend so much on the newer ones, this one's for you. I honestly can't compare this Nano with the other two generations, but all I know is that this one is durable, reliable, and easy to use. I may be getting the latest generation of the Nano by tomorrow (Dec. 17, 2007. The new nano with video capabilites) and I'll see if I can do a quick comparison between the two when I get it. I'll post the comparison on the Nano: Black product.  

+ After having an initial problem with FedEx-not the sellers fault-product arrived as stated and works without problem-it is reconditioned which explains the crazy low price(got it for the same price as a new shuffle would cost)  

+ It works great though it did come with a pretty big knick in the screen.  The description did sayt hat it was used but that there were no noticable blemishes, this was quite noticable.  The 10 yr old getting it for Christmas didn't mind.  

+ I received my 4gb pink nano as a Christmas present last year and so far so GREAT!!!  I have no complaints at all.  My nano has withstood two teenage sons taking it from room to room, one 12 yr old daughter who goes horse riding listening to it and me, who takes it along to work and endures the bus ride home.  Its always had a cover on it which I insist or they dont borrow it and for the longest time I kept the covering on the screen and dial but after 6 months my son removed them and still NO scratches and this nano is in pockets, purses, backpacks and sometimes just lying around, its been dropped I  hate to say and still working like a charm.  we love this little gadget of technology and this Christmas my 3 kids are getting their own so maybe mom can have hers back!!  I would recommend it!!!!  

+ Great product! It was exactly how it was described and I had no problems with the transaction at all. I bought this as a gift and he was very happy with it.  

- So I was the first kid on the floor with the IPOD NANO, I ordered one from MAC the Monday of release.  It arrives, we all OOOOH and AHHHHH I take it home and charge it for the night Wake up at 5:30, fully charged battery, put it on and get on with my day, by 10 AM the battery had DIED CRAP!  I call up MAC and they want to REPAIR this one I say HELL NO!  I just BOUGHT it, I am not sending this back for you to REFURBISH it, I want a new one, and you screwed up my inscription, too.....  So I am getting ready to mail this back, when I charge the  battert ONE more time, all night charge, fresh in the AM  This time, it stayed on from 7:30, when I started to use it until 1:26PM, an hour ago, my NANO died from poor battery power.  Watch out when you get these, I am going to return this and hope I get a better one, if I get another POOR BATTERY, I am going to get a freaking refund, this is BOGUS  MAC should know better than to release a product that is crap  :/  

+ Replacing the iPod mini in the middle of Apple's iPod line, the nano fills the spot nicely, bringing a lot of nice features and a few compromises.   The nano uses flash memory chips for storing the music and data, unlike the 1" hard drive found in the mini and 1.8" drive in the full-size iPods. The benefits of the flash memory are multifold - battery life is very good, there's no skipping, and no chance of damage to moving parts from shock. An added benefit is that songs load up instantly, unlike on hard drive based iPods where there would be a slight delay as the hard drive spun up if the song requested wasn't in the memory buffer.  The nano also takes cues from its bigger brothers, with a very bright color screen with higher resolution than the mini's (176x132 vs. 138x110), photo viewing capability, and the signature white and silver body. It also has a few exclusive features, including a nifty Stopwatch, a Screen Lock feature styled after a combination lock, and an enhanced Clock. Unfortunately like the mini, you can't install Mac OS X on it and use it as a boot disk.  In usage, the nano works like a charm, though the bottom-mounted headphone jack takes a little getting used to after four years of it being on top. Battery life ranges from 12-15 hours in mixed usage, with it coming in on the low side if I listen to high-bitrate files (probably has to read from more memory). The screen is wonderful when the backlight is on, but visibility outside isn't as good as the old monochrome screens.  Despite its positives, the nano has some things that aren't so great. The headphone jack is located on the bottom and has no additional connector like on past non-Shuffle iPods, so the remote control no longer has a place to plug in. This also means that accessories that use the remote port like FM transmitters will not work. It goes without saying the accessory manufacturers will produce a ton of goodies for the nano by virtue of it being an iPod, so the concern is mainly for iPod owners with existing accessories or things on the market currently that won't work with the nano.  In going with a clear plastic/stainless steel design like the big iPods, the nano is more scratch and dent prone, unlike the mini, which was a tank with its rugged aluminum casing. I've already scuffed the back of the nano after only five days of usage, while my 18-month old mini looks virtually new. The nano also features a miniaturized version of the excellent Click Wheel, which can be a little tough to work for those with big fingers. It doesn't depress as far and the center portion is flush with the unit, which makes selecting things a bit tough occasionally.   Of note is that the nano cannot connect to your computer over FireWire, though it will charge. USB is the only way to sync, and users with the older USB spec will be waiting a while to fill up the nano. Even with photo viewing abilities, the nano cannot output it to a TV like big color iPods, so the implementation is halfway since the screen is too small for any extended viewing. On this initial firmware revision (1.0), navigating back and forth through menus can get a little laggy at times, with the menus not coming on smoothly if you press the buttons too fast.   After countless iPods Apple still has not included an easily-replaceable battery, so when it eventually dies you'll either have to send it back to Apple or attempt to crack the nano open. The lithium-polymer battery Apple uses will last anywhere from 18 months to 3 years depending on how often it's recharged and how it's used. Running your iPod until it's completely dead (total discharge) is bad for the battery, and will cut down on its lifespan.  Apple's been bringing the price of iPods down steadily, but has been accomplishing this partly by cutting down on accessories packed in the box. My 3G iPod came with a wealth of goodies, but the nano only comes with the omnipresent white earbuds, a CD, USB cable, and a piece of plastic to enable the nano to fit into future docking accessories. The buds look neat, but the sound quality leaves much to be desired. Picking up a quality pair of headphones will do wonders for your auditory experience.  I've owned every iPod since the original 5GB unit all the way back in 2001. For its greater capacity and use as a backup drive I'm keeping my 60GB iPod photo around, but for daily use the nano is where it's at. It deftly combines the advantages of the flash-based Shuffle with the perks of the full-sized iPods and adds its own unique tricks to the bag. Packing 4GB of flash memory with all of its advantages at a decent price is no small feat, and the smallness of the the design has to be held to be believed. Not many reservations, and definitely recommended.  

+ I love the iPod. Always have. At home, we have five, including this one: the 4GB iPod nano.  Before you leap, realize two things: (1) this iPod is extremely fragile compared to other iPods, particularly the tough-as-nails iPod mini (a drop of a couple of feet onto a linoleum floor took out the screen); and (2) the black version gets scratched very easily, and shows scratches far more than any white iPod I've owned (after a day and before dropping the damn thing, it already looked awful from scratching -- and it was treated with kid gloves).  Okay, if you can live with those caveats, and invest in a durable protector (we bought the arm-band holder, which does a lousy job of protecting the iPod nano)--none of which are out yet--then this new iPod is truly an amazing bit of technology. It's tiny (it feels even smaller than the photos suggest), has great sound quality (better, I think, than any other iPod I've owned), and the display is gorgeous (even though tiny).  For me, the mini (now defunct, but bargains still abound) is the better choice given its sturdiness. I'm not up for museum-relic care for my electronics, which would certainly help if you own one of these.  Another beautiful, functional gizmo from Apple. Just know what you're getting. Some websites claim the nano is sturdy. I can tell you, from first hand experience, it isn't. So, you be the judge. (Sure, the thing still played, but replacing the screen will set you back at least $90, and, even on the web sites in question, the screen broke.)  (Oh, and if you see someone taking shots at the iTunes software, don't believe it. It's the best music software out there, and its integration with this--or any--iPod is a joy.)   

+ The Ipod Nano is a very worthy successor to the wildly popular Ipod mini and is a great addition to the Ipod family.  This thing is tiny.  You won't believe how tiny it really is until you have it in your hands.  The Nano pretty much does everything the big 20g Ipod can do, except it holds only 1000 songs with 4g model and 500 with the 2g as well as photos and album art.  It also includes a stopwatch which is handy when I go running.  It is also extremely light.  I thought the Mini was light, but this feels like a feather not to mention extremely thin.  It slides into my front pocket with ease.  The screen is smaller of course, but doesn't lose its clarity.  There is also the return of the touch sensitive click wheel first introduced on the Ipod Mini.  It works very well sifting through songs in seconds.  The Nano comes in the familar white and a very slick black, however the black one will definitely show more scratches.  Gone are the variety of colors of the Mini.  The only gripe I have about the Nano is that it is extremely proned to scratches.  I was extremely careful with it even handling it with a microfiber cloth, yet still managed to get scratches on it.  I don't know if it's only me, but I get really anal about scratches on brand new products I've bought.  You would think after coming out with the other Ipods that suffered the same problem, Apple would've been smart and covered the Nano with a scratch resistant material.  

+ I didn't want to like the iPod Nano.  I bought an iPod Mini for my girlfriend.  I thought it was cool.  But never seriously considered getting one for myself.  I own a pretty nifty Pocket PC cellphone (the I-Mate Jam - highly recommended, BTW).  I've always been happy with storing my songs on an SD. My cellphone gave me communications, games, music, productivity (excel, etc.), and got lots of "techno-geek" points. The last thing I wanted was yet another electronic gadget to carry around.  Then I made the mistake of taking a look at this newest creation of Steve Job's Apple. I was blown away. It's SO SMALL. And, very stylish. And very useable. And, at 4 GB, adequate for all but the most demanding consumers. And, at this price, it's cheaper than buying memory cards totalling up to 4 GB.  Instant there was no question of not owning one. I reluctantly, but secretly proudly, now carry an iPod Nano to complement my cellphone. I'm afraid that I won't be using my PocketPC phone to listen to music anymore.  Apple truly blows me away. Kudos to Steve Jobs for his remarkable transformation of his company into the most innovative mass market tech company out there. Anyone who knows Steve Jobs history with Apple knows how remarkable his task really has been. Also, anyone who knows the story about Apple computer and the initial problems with the name of the company understands how ironic this whole field of innovation is!  In conclusion, buy this product. Beg, borrow, or steal - well, not steal. Use any legal and ethical manner of getting your hands on one of the Nanos. You SO won't regret it!  

+ I just picked up my iPod Nano last night. I totally thought this thing was going to suck. Man oh man was I wrong. This thing is beyond belief. This thing is so damn small its unbelieveable. It is definitely worth getting if you don't need all that extra space.  Size: The thing is really small and about the width of a pencil. It is really light. You need to see this thing up close. The commercials don't depict the right image. The click wheel is smaller, and the main button in the center is slightly bigger. The screen is small, but then again its the Nano. The backside is metal, just like the regular iPod. I'd take care of that because it fingerprints and scratches. Then again you can't help the fingerprints. For such a small iPod, this thing is impressive.  New Things: Alright lets start out with placement. The hold button is on the top left, and is small, you might need to use your fingernails. The headphone slot is on the bottom left. It comes with the regular headphones, although I thought they were the one that goes around your neck. The slot for the USB is right next to the headphone jack, and surprisingly the only way to charge it, if you don't have the additional charger. If you do have the additional charger your in luck, because it does work with the nano. But just be careful if you have the USB charger, because if it runs out of battery, your pretty much screwed. The color screen is really clear, and enhances everything. Cover art is available if you get it from iTunes. The features that are new in the iPod are compelling. There is a world clock, stopwatch, screen lock, and everything else you are used to.   Packaging: The packaging is different. The box is smaller, and is black if you get the white Nano. It opens up to the iPod on the right, then the supplies on the left. They are in a open up pouch on the top. There are two small packages. One contains instructions, stickers, and an iTunes 5 installer. The other package is contained with headphones, an additional add on to the dock, the USB cord, and covers for the headphones.   Quality: I got the white Nano, mainly because I am big about scratches. There are unfortunately a couple on the screen, but when the backlight is on, they are hard to see. If you get the black be careful about scratches. I am waiting for a case to protect it. If you want to wipe off something dont use your shirt. Use a Kleenex, or something soft. The sound quality is better as well. The screen quality is also better especially with a color screen.  Pros and Cons.  Pros: -Very slim put it anywhere, wait for a case before you put it in you pocket. -Sound quality is better. -Color screen. -Additional features. -Battery goes for about 14 hours, 10 hours with backlight  Cons: -Only charges with the USB cord, unless you buy the AC charger. -Scratches...ehh they are annoying, especially with the black.  -Need to take great care of it, avoid dropping it.  With all cons gone, this thing is for you! If you want a durable little iPod, and are not too obsessed about music, forget the shuffle and get this! I highly reccomend it.    

+ If you think the pictures and T.V. ads for this look impressive, wait until you actually get your hands on it. I got a nano just a couple of days ago after giving my old 15 gig iPod (the one with the row of 4 buttons above the scroll wheel) to my dad. This iPod is so incrediblely small and light weight. The screen is very bright and vibrant and pics look great on it. The sound quality is excellent as with all other iPods, and all of the great features, plus a couple new ones (stopwatch, world clock, screen lock), are here. The click wheel, although a little smaller than the ones on other iPods, is very accessable and easy to use. At 4 gb, you will probabally be able to get just over 1,000 songs on it, which is a very good ammount for the average person. All in all, this iPod is great and definitely has a "Wow Factor" that will facinate you when you see it.  Pros: *Amazingly Small and Lightweight *Great Sound Quality *Great Features That iPod's are Known For *Nice, Bright Color Screen  Cons: -Will not work with all older iPod accessories  

- I waited through the iPod evolution and finally bought the 4G iPod (clickwheel) in 2004. The hard disk technology broke 3 times within a year (under warranty) and then finally a 4th time the week after the one-year warranty expired. I swore I would never again buy another hard disk-based iPod. The very next week, the iPod Nano was release. I was mesmerized. It sounded perfect! Granted the 4GB version has a $150 profit markup, is easily scratched, delicate and low memory capacity (only 4GB), but at least it was flash-drive based. I actually bought this the next week, and returned it before opening it once I found out that it didn't have VIDEO-OUT capabilities for photos and no FireWire capabilities, as the regular iPod's did. Those were deal-breakers for the tiny $250 device. I will wait a bit longer for the 2nd generation Nano which hopefully will have VIDEO-OUT and FireWire capabilities (and hopefully more memory) even if they have to be a bit larger. The iPod and iPod Mini's are small enough for me already; I like the Nano for its flash-drive technology (for prospective reliability reasons).  

+ I have definitely known what it has been like with so many people in the MP3 craze. It has been so popular, people aren't buying music anymore from the basic music Mom & Pop shops anymore. While that has been the case, the ones that majority of people have went to are the Ipods. Since they came out a few years ago, Apple has truly lead the MP3 player market at least 2 to 1. While there have been so many different styles of Ipods like the regular, the Ipod mini and the shuffle, there is one that can be just easier to take anywhere your heart desires from the inside of your pocket. This is it.  The Apple Ipod nano edition, is a far better version than the lackluster Ipod Shuffle was when it was introduced. This MP3 player device can hold just about the same amount of songs as the Ipod mini, 1,000 songs, yet it is so small you can just just put it conviently anywhere. The Ipod nano has all the abilities that the regular Ipod and the Ipod mini have, with a convient LCD screen, that displays the menu and songs well. While it does have some bright spots, there is one disadvantage with this device. Although it is uniquely well, it has a short battery life, and not as much as some other MP3 players have. Even the Ipod mini have a slightly longer battery life by just only 4 hours.  While there are so many different MP3 players on the market, the Apple Ipod nano is a great buy for anybody who wants to get into the MP3 craze while it is hot. I have tried this quaint player in the stores, and I liked it a lot, and Ipod know you will too.  Portability: B+  Display: B+  Price: B  Enjoyment: B 1/2+  Overall: B 1/2+  

+ I love everything about this little mp3. Its my first Ipod, so far so good. My only issue is that when I download a live set or DJ Mixed cd from Itunes, when I listen to it in my ipod there are gaps between songs. A little help with this? I'll appreciate it!   

+ I got a "hands-on" look at these at my local Apple Store.  I think this is the best iPod yet.  It's even smaller than I thought, yet feels very sturdy.  An advatage over other iPods is that it uses flash memory instead of a hard drive and still has a screen.  Flash memory is more durable - no moving parts, perfect for exercise.  There are some downsides.  The battery will eventually wear out, forcing you to replace the entire iPod unit.  Storage capacity is not expandable - bad if you find you want more space. It doesn't come with many accesories - you'll have to buy them separately.  Overall, this is one of the best portable audio players available.  I guess quality comes with a price, but there is a way to get the 4GB iPod Nano in your choice of color for free! [...] This is not a scam - it's a legitimate offer from Gratis Internet, who've received much media attention after giving away millions in products like iPods and PSPs, just to name a few.  This company's offers have been verified on CNN Headline News, Wired News, BBC News, Tech TV, NBC news, etc.  I frankly thought this was too good to be true, until I saw all the proof that's out there!  Whether you choose to purchase it or get it for free, I highly recommend the iPod Nano!  

+ This isn't going to be long and boring because everything good/bad has been said so far. Good - size, flash memory, photo ability, etc..  Bad - I got black and it scratches VERY easily! I only had it 2 days and from carrying it in my pocket, the front looks very scratched like I had it a few years already.  Also, don't know why they put the headphone jack on the bottom ... and so far there's no belt clip for this.  Only a lanyard headphone or an armband.  I need a belt clip for the gym.  Anyway, the sound ...  I only listen to my players CRANKED!  Every MP3 player I've ever bought, including my previous 3 ipods, I listen to at full volume.  So, just to test, I got my 6 gb ipod mini and put it side by side with my new Nano.  I started "Walk" by Pantera simultaneously on both players and took my best pair of headphones going back and forth from one player to the other.  Well, the new Nano BLEW AWAY my 6 gb ipod!  Noticeably louder, deeper bass, and my favorite, much sharper and higher treble!  I hate to admit it, but it makes my 6 gb mini sound like crap. (Hello ebay!) I can't comment on the battery life yet at that volume, but I'm sure it will be much shorter than the 14 hours they say.  But if you buy this player for no other reason ... buy it for the SOUND!  

+ I have had my iPod Nano for about a week now and I really like it.  My first impression of it was how small it was.  Small enough but not to small, they struck a good balance with the Nano.    The screen is a very resolution so it can show more information than the larger screen on the mini, not to mention that it's also in color.  The sound quality is great and it has a very good range of volume levels.  This player is another good one from Apple and an improvement over the mini.  My only problem I have with Nano is that any finger prints shows up on the black surface and the shiny metal back.  The black surface is very easy to scratch. But overall a great product.    

+ I've had my nano for a week and a half now and am loving it.  It is so tiny that I can carry it in my wallet - but it is still sized well to hold comfortably in the hand.  The sound quality and output is excelent.  The black does show fingerprints and scratches easily, but it just looks way to cool.  It is comfortable to use and the screen (though slightly smaller than the other ipods) is very crisp and easy to read.  Navigation with the clickwheel is just as easy as the larger ipods.  And I actually like the headphone port on the bottom better than on top (and I don't use a lanyard) - it just makes more sense-it takes some getting use to, but once you do, you'll love it just as much as you like everything else about the Nano.  This thing is super durable and you don't need to worry about breaking it.  Some complain about the price, but really, it is an excellent buy - you're paying for:  4gb of flash storage (the 1st flash player anywhere near that much storage), the tiny size, the color screen, and the flatout beauty of this thing.  No other player comes even close.  Just buy it!  

+ I purchased the nano from my local Fry's electronics.  4gig, black.  I'm using it with a 1Ghz Powerbook G4 15" 10/10/1000 ethernet, DVI, but NOT USB 2.0...  which poses a problem because the Nano does not support sync via firewire.(although it can be charged over firewire)  The lack of firewire, my only real complaint about the nano, and aside from that, there is very little to find fault in aside from an overly bright screen (see below).  I've overcome the lack of firewire compatability by upgrading my laptop to USB 2.0 through the purchase of a $24 USB 2.0 PCMCIA card from Fry's.  For about the same cost as what I would have had to pay for the firewire cable anyway (if it were useful for anything other than charging) I have a PCMCIA card that provides compatability in addition to fast USB for external hard disks, etc...  The mac (osx panther) recognized the card immediately, without the need for drivers, etc.  Sync was very very fast, transfering complete songs in less than 1 second per song in many cases.  FAST transfers.  Fry's had numerous models of cards, some with Firewire and USB 2.0, other's with just firewire, and still others with only USB.  I purchased the least expensive, USB 2.0 only card that, only on the back of the package in fine type did it mention macs... and it works almost perfectly.  (note unplug the card before closing the powerbook lid or it won't sleep, and won't wake up the monitor, forcing a restart... this is the only issue I've encountered)  Regarding the Nano.  Small, stupid small, almost too small...almost.  Click wheel works great, volume is powerful, songs are accessed immediatly with no delay (flash memory).  As there is no hard disk to be scrambled from impacts, it is able to take minor drops without issue.  And when it does fall, the thing is so light that it almost always falls softly.  Syncs are very very quick using USB 2.0.  (I frequently wipe all the songs and re-upload rather than poke through them when I want to make changes.  Uploading about 3 gigs of music takes around 30-40 seconds at most)  The unit is light weight enough that I often pick it up by the headphone cord with no fear of it unplugging and falling.  The stock earbuds sound great, but hurt my ears after extended listening.  I currently use some foam earbuds I already owned.  Others have no problems with the ear buds, so I think it's just dependant upon the shape of one's ears.  My only other complaint and I'm sure it can be overcome with a firmware upgrade, is that the white LED back light is blindingly bright at night.  When in the car using it, it actually almost hurts to look at it.  When the back light turns off, it does so by quickly fading out, so the capability to vary brightness is there, and needs to only have a menu option added to control it for low light use.  If I had to think up anything else wrong, I would say it the black moel shows fingerprints and smudges too easily. (but it looks sooo good in black)... but really, disregarding the lack of firewire which I'm sure would have added size, and since mose people already have USB 2.0 anyway could afford to be sacrificed... If the best complaints I can come up with are "a screen that's too bright", and "shows smudges", then this one is most certainly a winner.    -Jason  

+ This is by far the BEST flash-based MP3 player I have ever used.  It is incredibly user friendly.  Great sound and picture with all the bells and whistles.  If you are consider and iPod or an MP3 player, definitely get this one.  

+ I loved this ipod soooo0o0o much. it was amazing in every possible way. that was until i went to whipe the fingerprints off with my shirt. MY SHIRT SCRATCHED HTE SURFACE!! The finish on this ipod is so soft that clothing will scratch it. and then i jsut thought, "screw it, it'll jsut be scratched up" but then after jstu a normal day at school ,being very cautious with it, the screen cracked. i have no i dea how. the screen is sooo0o0o weak.  In conclusion, this is an amazing product, so by all means buy it. But pleeasseeeee buy a very strong case for it. and keep the p[lastic film 0o0n the surface when it comes!  

+ style is everything as far as the ipod nano is concerned.  i went out and bought a 4gb black the day it came out, not knowing that it would be in such a short supply in later days.  after playing with it for a couple of weeks, i would say that it is the best mp3 player to date, all things considered.  yet, it is far from being perfect, and i don't ask for much.  i just want a recording feature, like a lot of the low end cheap mp3 players, but no ipod nano doesn't come with recording feature.  otherwise, ipod nano is the perfect companion to my 60gb ipod, which is getting heavier and bulkier by the day.  

+ When Steve Jobs said the nano wiould be the biggest revolution since the original iPod, he wasn't kidding. The nano is the most impressive thing I have ever held in my hands. I was really into this product from the start, but certain aspects of the player never hit me until I actually held it.  The day I got mine, my jaw droppped. How could something so small be an iPod? Well, after using mine, I know this is by far the best mp3 player I have ever seen.  I wont go into the specs, as other reviewers already have.   But I will state some things that are wrong with it.  First, I was somewhat disapointed to hear it was USB 2.0 only. My old iPod was firewire, and since I have a mac computer, I never really ever used 2.0. The time to load music was noticable. While takes my 3rd gen Ipod to load my entire library only about 5 minutes, it took my nano about 8-10 minutes to lload only 800 songs. Its not that big a deal, but still...  The other thing is not really that big a deal either, but it is something i found wierd about the player. The headphone jack is on the bottom, instead of on top like it had been for 4 years. I mean, its not the end of the world, I just find that choice very odd.  One other thing a lot of people have talked about was value. Yes, this little guy is somewhat of a rip off. Why not just pay $50 more, and get an iPod with 5 times the space? Again, it comes down to "cool" factor, something the Nano drips of.  However, these "flaws" would by no means make me change my mind on my purchase. This is still THE mp3 product on the market. I bought mine becuase I love apple stuff, and my old one was dying on me. Im glad I bought this thing.  

+ [...] It's not fake, I learned about it through CNN news. Good simple product.  No major drawbacks, unless you're a big music buff and 4gigs is too small.  But with the size of this thing, 4gigs is fair and adaquate.  

+ This is a great unit.  More memory than you could possibly need, plus the added bonus of picture viewing.  I've had this one since March 2006 with no technical issues, and I have heard that the new ones that come in different colors have problems so it's too bad they don't make this one anymore.  The menu is easy to navigate and finding the song you want is simple.  The do it yourself on-the-go playlist is great so you can change and add the songs you want to hear.  Great player, definitely buy a cheap wall charger and/or car charger for this because the color screen chews up the battery life.  

+ any other mp3 player beside's apple's ipod line costs less. also the battery life is short, but not a big deal. and to people who can't figure out itunes store and how to disconnect, you don't deserve to own this or a computer if you can't use it!!!! i figured it out in about a minute. to disconnect, go under my computer, select "e" or whatever your usb port's labeled, and eject.  

+ Now i didn't buy my nano from amazon but i did get the replasment scren off amazon... but anyway the ipod nano black 1st gen is really cool if you dont care about scraches and such. it looks cool becues of its shape and the point that it dosent look like a ipod mini. it also fits in your poket smother than a 2nd gen ipod nano... it also is easyer to fix on yor own. and hase cooler addons than the 2nd gen nano. so ya make shure you think about what you want to do befor buying this.  

+ Used but functional, dent on the back which was not directly identified. But I expected some wear. Battery is great. Happy with my purchase got a great deal.  

+ hope this nano iPod would still be on sale...  I don-t like the new one.. too small...  

+ Elegant design, easy to use, only downside is there are better versions on the market now.  

+ this was my grandson's present last year from his Mom and Dad.  He loves it  

- For one, I am not a fan of Apple as a company and will always buy anything but an IPod.  From quite a bit of research I figured the Creative Zen was one of the better options.  This player generally works fine, but has two flaws that REALLY bother me!  One of the most important features of an MP3 player is the ability to put all your music in it and then hit "random play" to have it cycle through your music.  This does about as bad a job of that as could be possible.  It will constantly feed you some of the same songs on a regular basis while seemingly never getting to some of the others.  As a software developer, this really bothers me because programming a random search algorithm is generally one of the easier things you can do, and if you need to pair that with keeping a little document to reference of what has already been played so as not to repeat things too soon, that also is not hard for even the most junior programmer to do (i.e., Creative has no excuse why this feature is so bad).  Then the fact that it does such a poor job of this has to make you wonder about just what else doesnt work so well but isnt so obvious.  Some of the other negative reviews here indicate other problems that I havent encountered, but would be indicative of some poor programming by Creative.  I think the menu system leaves a bit to be desired as well and results in too much navigating and clicking around to do simple things (i.e., the software is not as well designed or configurable as it could be).  I am also pretty sure this unit doesnt allow you to record the radio, but it is so hard to tell because their documentation is thoroughly inadequate and doesn't even give a basic walkthru of 90% of the features.    Now to the thing that irriates me the most.  I am not one who cares to buy music online... so 95% of the MP3s I have come from being ripped from my CD collection.  The software program that comes with this, of course is geared to work with this particular player.  So, if you rip using it, it will do more work and can save a copy to your player and your computer hard drive at the same time at a very decent speed.  It is a much quicker process than using Windows Media Player or Music Match Jukebox to rip the music and then copy it to your player.  After spending 2 hours shuffling CDs and ripping directly to the player, I realized it was ripping in WMA format.  That sucks, because I want MP3s... as long as I am taking the time to shuffle CDs and rip, I want to be able to burn the SAME MP3s to CDs so that I can burn them to CD for archiving and play the MP3 CDs in devices that can do that... MP3s tend to work on all brands, not WMAs.  Anyway, I go to the settings area of Creative's software package and change the setting for it to rip to MP3... and low and behold, I can do that... ONLY IF I buy their MP3 ripping support package at an additional $9.99.  WTF?  Yeah... nice... it is an MP3 player, but I have to pay more to rip my CDs to MP3 format!  There is no TECHNICAL reason for this... it simply means Creative is using the opportunity to withhold a feature you will WANT so they can get more money from you.  There is no other way to put that.  It is pathetic and unnacceptable!    Contacting their technical support is absolutely useless because they clearly will not read your problem and respond to it in a personalized manner.  Instead, you will get form responses stating their policies or pointing you to "how to do it with Windows Media Player 10".  I am sorry, but if I am paying $150+ for the player, I certainly expect the software to do all the standardly expected things.  I did not see any disclaimer on the box about having to pay extra for MP3 ripping.  I went back and forth complaining to Creative about this particular issue and how I felt it was wrong for them to charge for it.  All I got them to admit was it was something that was available in prior versions of their software that is not available any longer without buying the package for MP3 support.  After many iterations, it got to the point where their responses didnt even match the situation... prompting a new term, I will call e-ignoring me.  ; )    This is why this player deserves only 2 stars.  The unacceptably bad Random feature (which requires you to skip songs regularly) is worth a star deduction in itself, but their terrible customer service and price gouging policies are truly unacceptable.  There has to be a better option than a Creative Player and I would recommend most people look for it.  When buying something like this, you shouldn't have to get additional software and I have talked to many people who own players from other companies where the software does rip to MP3 without further charge.  Ripping through an external program and then loading the player does work here, but it is certainly slower.  Windows Media Player makes the process too cumbersome for my taste.  Music Match Jukebox does ok, but they purposely make the ripping process slow and then constantly bug you with popups to try to get you to upgrade THEIR software with their own $9.99 (or more) purchase.  I am tired of companies always trying to make a buck at the expense of the customer.  With Music Match, I understand, the basic player is free... with Creative, sorry, we already had to pay for the product, to have to may more to rip MP3s is essentially making us pay $10+ more for a product we already purchased.    As others have pointed out... this will not hold the amount of songs they advertise because no one sane uses an 64KB rate... even 128KB is hardly good enough.  I do 160KB and will end up getting between 600 and 700 songs on this unit.  But, this "problem" is the same on all players, their song claims are just unrealistic to the real world... just know that going in... if you want oodles of songs, go for the hard drive models that hold 30GB... but, 700 songs is ALOT more than it seems and the flash memory players are still better for running and such... jolting and bouncing has no effect on them in terms of theoretical wear and tear.  If not for the fact that returning electronics is a pain and there are usually restocking fees, I would have returned this unit.  I bought my son one as well that has not been opened and since that will have the same problems I encountered with mine, we are returning it.  I told Creative I wanted them to give me the MP3 support I expected for free or I would return my son's unit and post this honest (but unflattering) feedback here.  They would not even acknowledge my request (which I think was reasonable), so here my honest assessment is.  You might disagree with my assessments, and that's fine, but if I read what I am writing here, I would have not bought this player... and I wish I would have at least known all of this before hand.  Then I could have made an educated choice rather than be so disappointed by the things this player and software do poorly.     

+ My irrational desire to possess a tiny movie playing gadget eventually led me to buy the 4GB Creative Zen V.  Of the video MP3 players available on Amazon, it seemed to have the fewest negative reviews.  Other video MP3 players made by different companies tended to die quickly and could not be revived or fixed.  I've owned mine for about 3 months and it's still working.  I'm generally happy with it.  The positive:  -The controls are pretty easy to manipulate.  The manual teaches you the basics and refers you to a website for the complete controls -The software seems to work well for organizing songs on the player and converting 30 minute video files to be played on the player -It's impressively tiny -Good color and picture on the screen and good sound on the audio  The negative: -While the player's flash memory is large enough to hold a full 2 hour movie and more, the conversion software can't seem to convert a video that is longer than about 30 minutes -This last point is sort of moot if you consider how rarely you'll actually be watching something longer than a few minutes on a 1 inch screen.  So, the tiny screen could be considered a negative when you realize the actual experience of watching a video.  If you've read this far, you may ask yourself if you really want a tiny video player.  I'm still charmed by this gadget, but I honestly never watch videos on it.  It's not often that a tiny video player is useful.  It's just kind of fun!  

- This is very nice little gadget here (maybe even too small for me). It sounds fantastic, the earphones are pretty good, so is the radio. Video player though is useless. It is promised to have 15 hour battery life?! Might be so, but with embedded Lithium ion battery it is 40 % less a year from now. Since the battery is not replaceable, lifespan of the player is only few years. Before you buy, consider that after the battery is worn-out, so is the the player.  

+ I just got my Zen V for christmas and absolutely love it!  I got it mostly to download and listen to eAudiobooks and it works great.  You can download books from NetLibrary and [...]  Unlike listening to audiobooks on CD, you can set bookmarks anywhere you want to leave off.  You can also fast forward and reverse whithout going all the way back to the previous bookmark.  I find the buttons easy to navigate. I also received the Zen Aurvana headphones--they really do enhance the sound quality and block out ambient noise.  

+ The Zen V mp3 player does the job.   The Good...it's compact, it looks great, it's convenient and provides a good sound. The Bad...the onboard menu / controls are not the easiest to master, the pc computer software (used to set up the Zen onboard menu) should show a simulated view of what you see on the Zen onboard menu.  What you see is not what you get.  I am not a big fan of ear buds...not the most comfortable thing, but the ear buds do the job. The Ugly...I greatly dislike the recharging system for the Zen V. The Zen V charges its battery through its USB interface with a pc.  The Zen V must be connected to a pc to charge the battery.  When I first got the Zen V, I connected it to a USB interface on my pc and thought that the Zen battery was charging.  Turns out that the pc's USB interface was not powered but I had no way of knowing that.  With continued use of the Zen, I eventually discharged the Zen V battery and then lost all the music that I had so meticulously loaded on from my pc.  After some research and some phone calls to Creative, I learned that some USB interfaces on the pc are powered but most are not.  Furthermore, I learned that the Zen V has a low blue light that dims in and out during charging.  This is how you know that your Zen is connected to a powered USB interface.    I travel quite a bit and cannot charge the Zen V when I travel (I don't lug a pc around with me).   Finally, I got smart and purchased an aftermarket transformer / charger  that charges the Zen V from a standard electric wall outlet.  I wish Creative had included the transformer / charger with the Zen V.  It would have saved me so many headaches.   Would I purchase the Zen V again?  Yes.  Could Creative have done a better job with software and the charging system?  Yes.  

+ The Zen V is just the right size for me, both physically and electronically. It has plenty of storage for my needs, since I only want it for music, not pictures, video, or as a PDA. It took me a little time to get things organized to my liking, but accessing it via my PC made things a lot easier. The included software is excellent, allowing the aforementioned PC access and  finding information on the CD being uploaded. I'm an online music novice, but this makes it fairly easy. Nice work, Creative.  

+ I got a Zen-V for my birthday this year, and it is WAAAY better than an i-Pod. There are some glitches, however: it only holds 500 songs. Also, it freezes up like a computer does sometimes. It's also a little harder to use than an i-Pod. The sound quality is really good, which is what makes it 432432432% better than an i-Pod. I reccomend a Zen to all music lovers.  

+ I bought this in Sept 06, and have had trouble from day one and since.  It freezes up, then it takes me 10 to 15 minutes to reset it.  Then several times I have got the message "no license to play".  It took me awhile to figure out how to fix that. I can't get it to fast forward to the next song.  And the tiny joystick fell off inside of the player.  So now I have to try to navigate it with my fingernail. I have emailed the Creative company several times, they are no help. I was almost ready to throw it away today because it froze up again.  But when it is working, it is great! I absolutely love having a MP3 player.  Does anyone know of one that is trouble free (or almost)?  

+ I just bought this a few days ago. Everything is fine, but the battery seems so short. I charged it with an AC adapter from gomadic and I definitely don't get 15 hours! I goes past the half way mark in about 3 hours and that is lame, but I do play around with it a lot. I also don't like the volume control. It's really hard to press and it should've just been part of the joystick.   

+ This product from Creative met and beat my expectations.  First the size, it was smaller than a credit card, then the ease of use and last but not the least the quality of the sound it produced.  I tried microphone recording which, even in an external out door setting with lots of other noise, was quite good. It is worth the money I spent on it.  

+ I've had one of these players plus an 8 gig and the Creative Vision M for almost a year now and they are all excellent music players.  I have had no technical problems.  They are easy to use and have good sound quality however, I can't vouch for the earbuds that come with them because they were too big to go in my ears.  It is easy to download or transfer music onto them as they accept a wide variety of files.  Video quality is good even on the smaller players.  Creative gets my vote over IPOD everytime.  It's a superior product (or at least an equal one) that has more features (i.e. radio tuner and video capability on smaller machines) for a lower price PLUS they don't force you to shop at iTunes.  I would buy another one in a heartbeat.  

- I didn't like this at all...it is really hard to use, has confusing operations, it feels really cheap, and the picture quality leaves ALOT to be desired.  Stay away from this one...  

- Do not buy this. The 40gb hard drive and the "features" mask the true quality of this product. The firmware is terrible. Folder and filenames only show the first 5 characters, making it hard to find anything. The pause/play button does not always work when listening to music. Folder and file navigation is way too slow. The volume on this thing is extremely weak. Video conversion software that is included does not work (winXP & WME9). Seems to me that the manufacturer tried to make it as cheap and as quickly as possible. It's a good idea, it's just that they should have spent more time tweaking it. If you have the money for one of these things, save another $100 and buy a video iPOD.  P.S. - Anyone know if the PVR firmware is linux based?  

- I don't know what I was thinking!!!!!!!!!!!!:). ZERO RATING First- You only get 2 hours on a full charge Second-Customer Services is the WORST Third-It's heavy Fourth-When watching a video there's a gap between the actors speaking and what you see.  Think of the old school Karate movies. Fifth-The ac piece on the machine broke after one year Six-If you watch a movie and needed to stop in the middle, forget about it, it won't hold your spot so you go back to the beginning of the show:( Seven-It doesn't show the names of your songs-more than 5 spaces and once a song in there you can't move it. Eight-the kickstand broke because it made of plastic and too weak.  

+ I really liked the product stands for, but there were problems that I guess are internal problems with the machine.  I have purchased this device several times and each time there was a different problem with the machine.  After I loaded about 35 movies on the device, it wouldn't cut on.  Once the machine wouldn't cut off, so I had to reset the devise, which I lost all of my movies.  I think if there were more products like this, it could really be a good device, because it was good for travel and you don't have to take a portable DVD player and movies with you.  I really like the devise, it just had too many problems for me.  I would love to have another one, but I have purchased too many and returned too many, so I don't want to keep getting the devise, only to have to return it and keep paying for shipping fees for manufacture problems.  

+ I have tried a little of almost everything with this device.  I have played MP3 music; recorded shows and movies from Satellite, VCR, DVD, and other sources; played those recordings on a PC; and stored photos and computer data as if it was an external hard drive.  Everything has worked so far.  On the downside, the earphones created instant static (so I substituted them with a set that I have used with a standalone MP3 player), the device is on the thick side, and the external speakers volume does not turn up high enough to listen to (you need to plug external speakers on the headset output to listen to the music or videos if you do not use a headset).  I like the relatively large screen and it almost offsets the negativity due to the thickness of this device.  You can just plug in this device to a PC and play video and/or music etc by double clicking on the file stored on this PVR   It has been easy to use and fun to play with so far for the first couple of months.   

- I'm sorry for those who wish to sell their used unit, but I'm also a user of this product, or should I say USE TO BE.  For those who are interested in purchasing....buy something usefull.  Once the battery fails, it's useless.  You can't replace it.  The only way is to send the entire unit back to Mustek and you're at their mercy as to the price for the battery and shipping costs.  Do you really want to frustrate yourself???????  The only good thing about the unit is the fair video quality.  The sound is tinney, low volume (even on high).  Even though there's no speaker (connect earphones), the San Disk Sansa is the best bang for the buck!  

- While I'm a big fan of Lexar's flash memory cards, this MP3 player is a very poor choice, even though its memory can be expanded via a larger-capacity SD card.  First of all, this player is thick.  Companies like Creative Labs have thin and stylish MP3 players, but this Lexar is thick and unstylish -- you have to see it in person to see what I mean.  It's not really butt-ugly like iRiver players, but still very plain.  Again, it's the thickness that unpleasantly surprised me.  Second, sound quality is TERRIBLE.  The same MP3 files (encoded at 192kbps) that sound great on the iPod sound muffled and colorless on this Lexar.  Worse, there are occasional pop noises that are not present on the iPod or Archos AV320.  This is just terrible.  For this alone, I advise you stay away from this Lexar product.  Third, the buttons are hard to use (esp. when the player is in the cheap clear plastic case) and the screen is hard to see in most lighting situations.  This is simply one of the most user-unfriendly MP3 players I've come across.  Fourth, yes it has built-in FM, but its reception is horrible.  My tiny $5 no-name AM/FM radio gets clear reception here in the office, but the Lexar gets nothing but statics.  I don't think this is because I got a lemon; from what I've read elsewhere, this is a common complaint.  In short, while I'll continue to buy Lexar flash memory, I'll advise anyone not to even think about getting this MP3 player from them.  In fact, if you search on Amazon you'll see their other MP3 players are no good, either.  

+ i bought this player 5 months ago and i am more than satisfied with its performance. it is packed with many features ans is till now the only mp3 player in the market that broadcasts to radio. apart from that it has a long battery life of atleat 11 hours on a single charge and is rechargable vis a usb port of a pc or laptop.   i like it's sleek and stylish look, and is comparitively smaller than most older players in the market. although size does matter to me, this size of this player seems perfect to me.   the sound quality is quite good and there are no dips, or distortions when playing music on a high volume.   thge only down side to this player is the built in radio, the receiver is not too strong and so the radio signals are sometimes very weak, even if you are indoors.   i would highly recommed this player to anyone wanting to buy a mid range feature rich player or is a first time mp3 player buyer.  

+ Anyone who says this is not a good mp3 player does not know what they are talking about. If you shop around, you can get one for under $100.00. The sound is terrific and the earbuds that it comes with have a great sound. It is not only expandable with cheap SD memory cards, it also has a FM transmitter and an FM radio with a good signal. Simply put, the best MP3 out there, with every feature in players twice as much. Why pay for an I-pod for twice the cost that has no FM radio, no FM transmitter, no expandable memory and is limited on the music files it can download. Lexar should pay me a marketing fee for this review.  

- I have this player for 5 months now & am looking already to replace it.  Pros:I really liked the sound quality, FM transmitter and the battery life.  Cons: 1)When a expansion SD card is used the MP3 player freezes upon start-up one out of five times. It then needs to be reset with a pin (it usually happens on the train when there's no pin  to be found. 2)You can't navigate the music files from the Expansion slot to the Actual players memory. You have to manually set the player If you want to select from the SD card or the players memory. 3)Poor instructions in manual (pdf) included.  4)Hard to navigate the button & options.  I never use the FM radio & Voice Recorder,    

+ After toying with the controls and familarizing myself with this mp3, I was amazed that everything works as discribed on specs. I wished that i would have ordered two at the price i have gotten it at. The was only one down side to this product, while play with it the display went blank on me, maybe it was my pressing to many buttons at the same time.  I'll hold off on sending it back for replacement for a few days, to see if it happens again.    

- I have purchase this player in April because I went to a Wedding to California. It worked and when I bought in April and in May I came back and three (3) months later in July the battery is not holding so I had to call Lexar for a replacement and they did send me a replacement. I got the replacement in August and then guess what happen agian? YES the battery will not hold again. This is ridiculous. I mean the new one is a lemon and the EXCHANGE one is lemon too. Lexar makes cheap cheap cheap things except for memory. The shouldn't make MP3 Players anymore and just stick with making memory. Like the I-PODS and other manufactures who uses a built in rechargeable battery and when the battery dies your screwed. If they say pay $30-60 to replace a battery I rather buy a new MP3. If you get there extended service plans that is crazy you can even but a new one if you get there extended service. Think about about it when you're buying MP3 players. My suggestion is buy an MP3 player that uses batteries like for a walkman or rechargeable batteries for cameras because once they die you can get batteries at a CHEAPER price. I am going to REFUND my money for my player. Don't ever buy from LEXAR or any other compnies that uses built in rechargeable batteries.  Nothing good about this player.  Rechargeable batter (Built in) always dieing every three months. Think about it after the warranty is over what are you going to do with it. You're stuck.  

+ I've had this product for about a year and a half now without any major problems. Some of the other reviewers should check to see if their firmware is updated to vs 1.7 as this fixed several issues with the unit. I have to say that for the price this player performs well. I use it with some Phillips sound reducing headphones and I think it sound pretty good. The fm transmitter is a little weak and the ear buds work as a better antenna than the one that comes with it. Also the menus are not very intuitive but after a while you can navigate them fairly quickly. I'd have to say that for the $60 that I spent I'm pretty happy. It's no ipod but then again it doesn't cost $300 either.  

+ I PURCHASED THIS FOR MY SON FOR CHRISTMAS.  HE RESEARCHS EVERYTHING HE BUYS AND THIS IS WHAT HE WANTED.  HE IS VERY HAPPY WITH THE MP3 AND I AM GLAD I DID MY HOMEWORK.  RECEIVED IN SHORT PERIOD OF TIME-GOOD JOB.  

+ I bought this product tonight to use with the SanDisk FM transmitter for use in my car. I store a lot of streaming audio, plays, books, radio talks, etc., from the BBC and NPR, and they're great to use on a long car journey.  The player was a refurb and cost me all of $17.00 - gotta be great value, especially with the ability to use a 2GB card. Some people have complained about the sound quality - I wonder if they've discovered the equalizer and WOW sound augmentation system. And I use it with a decent pair of noise cancelling headphones as well, so flights are a breeze.  Only negative so far is those floppy covers for the MP3 and mem card slots.  But for the price, you can't beat it.  

- I purchased this Mp3 player a year or so ago.  The first time I left it in my care over night when it was between 45-55 degrees.  It never came back on.  I then returned the product because I had bought the extended warranty so I got a replacement.  I then gave the replacement to my father in law.  He used it inside and when he went to use it the next day the same thing happened.   These are cheap and terrible.    

- My wife owns the Sandisk 256k (red) flash player which is great, so I figured I'd try this one. After all, it's the same company. Plus, it's a 512k flash player plus expansion at virtually the same price as the standard 512k flash player. What a mistake! The standard Sandisk flash player is solidly built, has an intuitive design, easy to use buttons (even if small), a clear bright blue display, and great sound quality (even when using MP3s at 128kbs). The Sansa has none of these virtues. It is incredibly flimsy; the buttons are nearly impossible to use, the battery door is made of tissue thin plastic and constantly falls off, the sound quality is rotten, and once you put the plastic case on you'll never get if off. Further, while the SanDisk MP3 Flash player plays tracks in the order you place them in the player (very efficient), The Sansa seems incapable of playing songs in anything but alphabetical order, a real problem for someone like myself who likes eclectic music: (one track "Paint It Black" by the Stones; next track "The Prophecy" from "The Fellowship of The Rings Soundtrack"!) On top of this my unit was defective. The lock would lock the sound volume only temporarily. Suddenly music would blare out and nearly bust my eardrums; next I could barely hear a thing. Pure garbage. Get the regular Sandisk MP3 Flash player or get an iPod for twice the price and a thousand times the value. This product is pure junk!!!!  

+ Tight case and terrible headphones aside, for 81.00 dollars, I was pleased with the product. Using a different pair of headphone I thought the sound quality was good.  I stretched out the case alittle and have no problems there.I generally use mp3 that are 160 or higher so I was pleased with the sound.  A firmware upgrade would make it a better player. I have contacted sandisk about the upgrade. Hope they are listening. Great for playing audible books on tape (you can use the highest quality file format). Transferring all files was quick and easy. I'm using a 512 mg card that I already owned and can fit tons of songs. The sd cards can be found for low prices if you shop around. All in all for the price I am very pleased with the player.   

- I still like the their joystick players better, but I need to modify some of my previous comments: 1. The sound quality is pretty good - after you replace the headphones and fiddle with the equalizer and SRS settings. 2. The click wheel for changing volume and settings operates raggedly.  3. It is much clumsier when strapped to your arm than the joystick player. 4.It is extremely difficult to get out of its clear plastic case without damaging the case - but you can correct this by wiping a very fine layer of talcum powder on the inside (got that from a forum).  5.Most annoyingly, whenever you turn it off and back on it forgets all of it's settings.  You have to reset the volume, the equalizer, and the play order - you can correct this by reformatting the flash memory.  It must be formatted in FAT 32.  It comes natively formatted in FAT 16   I'd bump it up to 3.5 stars but they won't let me change that on an edit.   

+ I have had the sansa for 3.5 months now, and have had no major complaints. Works well, easy to use, battery life is above average(I am still on 1st battery, and I use mp3 all the time). It is great for running or working out, won't skip like some hard disk mp3 players.   Is it the best sound in the world? No. But it is adequate, and other buds or headphones can be purchased. The only thing I would change is the playlist function. But putting songs in folders in order and renaming can fix this. It really does not bother me at all. How many entire albums are you going to listen to in a row anyway? Most times it is used while exercising, on the subway, on a plane, etc.  Overall, I highly recommend this little guy, you won't be disappointed!   

+ After reading some of the reviews, I hesitated before buying this.  I've been looking for a flash drive to store more audible files and finally decided to buy this. I haven't had it long but I'm delighted with it.  The player is simple to work without looking at the manual.  It uses only 1 battery. I've replaced the enclosed earplugs with better quality ones and the sound is excellent.      I know some have complained about the wheel.  This is the first player I've had with a wheel and, possibly because of this, I've had no problem with how it feels.  My other flash player is an Iriver which has some additional features but is more complicated to use and far less intuitive.      The player is very light.  There are few parts to break and it seems sturdy. It also comes with a one year warranty.  Most other players I've checked out have a much shorter one.      A final plus is its exapandability.  I've been using a  512mb player for some time and haven't needed more space.  If I ever do, it's nice to know I can add it.  Addendum:  I've been using the player daily.  I still love it and find it easier than my iriver.  There is 1 glitch I've found re auto-resume.  Several times, while listening to an audible book, the player has come on back at the initial index instead of where I left off in the book.  It appears that to auto resume the book I need to press the start button very briefly.  If I press it for several seconds, the player opens at the settings index instead. Those having problems with auto resume might try this.  

+ I have been satisfied with this product. It was simple to load songs on to the player. The operation is very straight forward and easy to understand as well as implement. The ear buds were different than I was previously acquainted with but after a short time, they were comfortable. They also provided an excellent quality of sound reproduction. All in all I am very happy with my purchase and would make this same purchase again if I had the need to do so.  

+ Nice mp3 player, gets the job done. The FM tuner is a definite plus. The user navigation is ok. There is an upper right click-wheel is for scrolling and another button on the side to select a menu option, and the buttons on the front for song/radio navigation. Call me spoiled but I've gotten use to the consolidated buttons and menu navigation of my Ipod. I'm more comfortable navigating this with two hands, but that doesn't bother me.  The size is small; it fits in the palm of my hand. I actually like how this player looks. The main reason I got this was because it is flash-based and I can work out with it without worrying about jostling parts. And also because it's expandable. I use it with a 1GB SD card. That's a BIG plus.  Drawbacks are ones that have already been mentioned by other readers, e.g. doesn't have an auto-resume reader, but I don't listen to audiobooks so that's not a big issue for me. One minor annoyance is how the songs are automatically sorted by song name ascending. I know I can rename the songs with a number in the track title like others have mentioned, but that requires more work than I'd like. Also, I haven't figured out how to create a playlist, or if that can even be done. It allows the user to choose from album, artist, songs, and some other options, so I don't think there's a way to make a mix of various songs. If anyone has figured it out, please post it.  Uploading songs is simply enough. Connect the USB cable from player to PC and create folders and just drag and drops songs with Windows Explorer. You can also copy songs off the player back to PC, which is nice.  Battery life is fine with me. I used up the batteries that shipped with this in about a day I think and shortly after got NIMH rechargeable AAAs. If you use this with an external SD card, it's going to consume more battery power...  Headphones are ok; I've never been a fan on the in-ear design though.  The plastic case that came with the player drove me nuts the first week or so. It was skin-tight and I almost ripped the case the first few times trying to get the player out to change the batteries. But now it's loosened up and works fine. I'm withholding a star on this review for lack of belt clip on the case. This might sound minor, but I'm not a fan of the included arm band when working out and so I have to put it in my pocket or hold it. It's small but not ultracompact so a belt clip would have been nice. I haven't found another case that would fit this that includes a belt clip either. If Sandisk offered one, I would purchase it.  And something I found out when I first got it...you need to leave about 4MB of space from the Sandisk 512MB that's included on the player for its software to work. (And note to Sandisk: you have a spelling error on the error message that comes up if there isn't enough space).  Let's see what else...I took the plastic port and SD card covers off, those aren't going to stay on, but no biggie. It also comes with a stopwatch function in the software. I like the Sound Effect and Equalizer features of the software, and that it can also play WMA files. And I don't know if I am the only one experiencing this but sometimes when I listen to the radio, the volume level seems to drop about two levels on its own. It happens rarely though; not yet to the point where it's become an issue.  Overall, I like this player. I looked at various models before deciding on this one because it had both an FM tuner and was expandable. Compared to other players in its price range, the included features are great. I would purchase it again.  

+ first mp3 player for me. i am very pleased with it. easy to use and very well made. can do a lot with it for a small price.  

- I was quite disappointed with my purchase.  Cons: 1) I could not figure out how to control the order of the song playing.  It would only play in random or alphabetical order.  I would have to change the file names for all the music files to make sure that the files play in the same order as the CD. 2) The SD slot was practically useless.  I have a 1GB chip and everytime the player powered-up it would spend about 5 minutes examining the files on the SD looking for new files. 3) This is the big one.  I was listening to the player in the car when I dropped it on the carpetted floor - it went dark and has not worked since.  New batteries could not bring it to life.  After spending a hundred on this, I have a dead MP3 player.  

+ Scroll wheel very laggy.  Almost crashed as I was waiting for navigation menu to scroll down.  Great for listening to while driving!  Comes with amazing earbud headphones!  Didn't notice the sirens and lights in my rear view mirror for at least 5 miles!  

+ I've own one of these before and went back to buying another one. GREAT PRODUCT and very user-friendly.  

- i've had this mp3 player for about 2 years now and it's been pretty good. Well it was for about a year anyway. After that the buttons pretty much stopped working. At first, it was just one and then gradually they all stopped working. It really sucks because this is a good mp3 player and it holds all my music but now i cant use it because the buttons dont work. Besides the buttons not working, it also doesnt hold a charge for very long. It lasts for about 4 hours until it dies. If you want a mp3 player that lasts long and is durable then you should probably keep looking because this definitly doesnt. But it was good while it lasted =/   

- I'm a big techno-geek, but this is been one of the most awkward, horrible experiences I've had trying to get this device to do the simplist things. The application to get your MP3s on this is not user friendly, not intuitive. It's like it's strived to be so different from the ipod that it took out all of the good and left the bad. The player doesn't even register half the time with my computer. It takes a good half hour of messing around with the device and the settings to get it to work. I plug in the Ipod and it takes maybe 30 seconds. 1 minute tops.  Save your money. Save your aggravation. Get something, anything else.   

+ Short life span and very sensible controls than can be fixed easily reflashing the unit. No mayor complains.  

+ This is an excellent player for those of you who dont like to use itunes. The hard drive went out on my first player, so i had to get a replacement, but the replacement works fine. The sound quality is better than my old ipod mini, the battery lasts longer than my ipod mini, and it plays wma. Also it works great with windows media player and my yahoo subscription, which is a big plus for me.  

+ Really happy with the Zen Micro.  I am using it with Napster To Go and have am thrilled.  The playback sound is great (with smart volume on) and it looks cool.    A few gripes: - As a previous reviewer stated, the battery life was short at first, but after a couple full discharges - I'm getting at least 10 hours of music per charge. - The touchpad is WAY TOO SENSITIVE!  I have to lock it when I do not want to use the controls (and its on low sensitivity). - No accessories.  I can't find a holster/clip for this thing for use when exercising.  You'd think there would be tons out there....go figure. - Creative Media software is marginal. - it's the same toilet-white as an iPod on the sides and back.  All things being equal, I'd buy it again.  

+ I'm new to MP3 players so I'm still working out how to transfer and arrage the files.  I say "files" rather than music because I'm more interested in recorded books and podcasts than music. Music does sound GREAT using the earphones that came with it - and the books sound great, too, but it's still a trial and error process getting all tracks of all discs of a book in order.  That will take a little more practice on my part.  The touchpad also took a little getting used to, but I was able to master it in a day or two. I was not happy when I realized that the only way provided to charge it was by hooking it up to the computer USB port.  That means you have to take your computer on the road with you.  No wall outlet or auto adapter was provided. All in all I'm pleased with this purchase - and I suspect I'll like it better after I've had some time to figure out how to arrange the files or playlists.  

+ The Zen Micro is near perfect.    I bought my Zen Micro last december as a christmas gift to myself, save for a few software issues, I couldn't be happier with my purhcase.    I've owned this player for nine months now and it's been on 5 cross country trips, one trans-atlantic honeymoon, and numerous roadtrips.  It's been in my pocket, in my car, and in my bag in 20 inches of snow and 100 degree summers.  It's been dropped, shuffled, kicked, and Lumbered.  It's still alive, still kicking, and still playing.   I've never owned an Ipod, so this won't be a which one is better review.    All of my files are mp3 or wma, Windows Media Player is my primary music suite, i use it to burn, play, rip, and sync.  So starting out i knew i wanted a windows friendly player.  The Zen Micro (mine's black) has a lot going for it.    It fits into a hand well, it has a removable battery (this is important), great sound quality, fm stereo, recorder, smooth UI, and a feature that most unipods lack... charm.  When it's being used or charged it emits a low pulsating blue light.    It's doesn't have a scroll wheel, but it has a strip!  Most people complain about the sensitivity, but it can easily be adjusted for personal preference.    My ONLY complaint is that when i first received it, it was a little buggy.  It wouldn't always work seemlessly with WMP and it often required me to restart the frozen micro by taking out the battery and restarting it.  over and over again.  But after a few firmware releases it's working without a hitch.  I've programed WMP to throw a few favorites on there all the time and always put my new music (less than 3 months) on so I can listen to them in the gym.   The accesories that come with the player are great.  White earbuds ( i replaced those with some shure headphones, big difference), a case, a stand, a clip (which doesn't really work), and a nice little zen micro bag.  Also all the required cables and what not.  To me, currently at $218, this player is a best in class.  It gives you the most bang for your buck, period.    Creative has been making computer sound equipment for decades and with the zen micro it finally has something with enough quality and, yes, charm to win a nice size of the digital player pie.    Pick your favorite color and buy it.   

+ Bought this as a present for my girl's birthday, and it is really very tiny. The pictures do not provide a good reference point, but we are talking about half a pack of smokes in size. A good little player from what I can tell, she loves it.  

+ Good quality sound. Holds up to 3,000 songs and still has an F.M. radio. Also this baby coms with a built in mic so u are able to record lectures and also record off the radio. I would definitly get this over an ipod mini.  

+ I've had this player for a little more than 4 hrs and from what i can see so far, it has alot of great things about it. At first i was like i dont know if i can get used to the touch pad and i eventually did. I plugged it in and after a fairly long install and a restart, i started loading songs onto it using the nice media organizer program. For the people that want to know how big it is, it fits very nicely into a standard pack of altoids. Or dimensions 3in. x 2in. x 3/4in. sorry metric people. One thing i must mention is the great sound quality. Before this player, i bought the Samsung blue square looking one, 512mb and i was not impressed so far as sound and navagation. Speaking of navigation, the buttons are layed out very nice. I dont use the drop down menu button very much. The menus all are easy to navigate. The radio is decent, and the recorder is O.K. also.   PROS  +STYLE +TOUCH PAD +AUDIO +GOOD EARBUDS +REMOVABLE BATTERY +MORE SPACE THAN IPODMINI +FITS EASILY IN HAND +ENTERTAINING BLUE GLOW  CONS -SOFTWARE COULD BE BETTER -HARD DRIVE BASED (POTENTIAL PROBLEMS?)  All in all, if you are looking for a good player, but dont want a mini then get the ZEN MICRO   

+ This mp3 player is awesome. I have nothing bad to say about it. The software is extremely easy to use. The only problem I have is trying to navigate the menu in the car (which I shouldn't be doing anyway) and really isn't the players fault I guess. One other thing is it only has a 3 bar battery monitor so when one bar is left you could have 10 mins or up to 8 hrs. Other than that though it is perfect. After using my brother's IPOD for a month prior to getting this, the Micro is preferable in many ways (most important to me is ease of use and it is considerably smaller).   

+ Do not use with Napster to go!!!! The firmware upgrade needed to be compatible with napster to go is only in beta form and last I checked has not been updated by Creative Labs (what's up with that!?!) It makes the zen micro freeze up in the middle of songs for no reason, it loses lincenses needed to play songs you have downloaded (and even purchased), then it freezes completly and the reset button and removing the battery do nothing. After that it is just an expensive and pretty paper weight.      Other then that if you keep the firmware it came with it's a pretty cool mp3 player. It's small, visually atractive, has a FM tuner, and ok sound qaulity. However, it's not very loud at it's highest volume.      I've read a lot about the sound qaulity being so great, but I disagree. It's not bad sound qaulity, it's not good either. Just average and acceptable. And better headphones only minimally help the sound qaulity, but I don't think many people will pay more for their headphones or earbuds then they paid for their mp3 player (but you should because they are worth it!!)If you want sound qaulity go for an Iriver h320 or a Cowon X5 or experiment for yourself.      Also, if this review darkened your dream of using the zen micro with napster to go, don't worry, the Iriver H320 is compatible (and superior!)     Oh and one last thing, you can not customize the equallizer settings, they are all preset, which sucks!    Well I hope that this has been a helpful review.  

- This MP3 players works just fine but I gave it a one star because it will format your smartmedia card so it can only be used with this MP3 player and there is no way to restore the card to its original formatting once you used it in this player.  I now have to purchase another smartmedia card for my digital camera because this ... MP3 player trashed my smartmedia card and d-link could care less.  

- I purchased this player last month (but not from ...(this website)) and it works just fine, I am giving it a one star because it formats the smartmedia cards so they are no longer usable in other smartmedia devices, such as camera, card readers, etc.  Some MP3 player mfg have developed a utility to format the cards back to the original state but D-Link has not done this for their players and have no intention of doing so.  I just want to let you know this before you trash a SmartMedia card like I did.  

+ This MP3 player works great. I bought a 128MB smart media card for this and it can hold so much music now. I can get about 40 to 50 songs on here. The sound is perfect for what I need (mainly in class) and the batteries last fairly long. I personally bought rechargable batteries so I wouldn't have to worry about buying more all the time. I recharge the batteries while I sleep, just to be safe for the next long day at school. I would have opted for the DMP-120 with more memory, but i couldn't afford it. And since I got a 128MB smart media card for my birthday, I didn't miss the extra 32MB. Another great thing about this is voice recording. I occasionally make notes to myself, or record parts of my professors lecture, or just the homework they assign. In any case I recommend this MP3 player for students like myself who are on a budget.  

- Cons:<br>1.Screen isn't backlit like on the box.<br>2.Their isn't a &quot;voice recorder&quot;.<br>3.Short battery life.<br>4.When batteries die it erases songs.<br>5.Not very duarible,&quot;cheap feel&quot;.<br>6.It cuts about 2 seconds of the first song off.<br>7.Not very loud<p>Pros:<br>1.Cheap price.<br>2.Easy to use software.<br>3.Ok in looks.<p>don't waste your money on it like i did.  

- Looks like I should have read some reviews first!! DO NOT use a SmartMedia card that you intend on using in a different device! Formatting the card for use in the DMP 110 will render it useless  for any other device.  I've had quite a go round with this device.  Had to return it twice before I got one that worked (I should have been smart enough to stop then). Still in search of a reformatting utility!  This device is not plug &amp; play, I'd recommend looking for something else.  This is very disappointing  as I have purchased other DLINK devices had have found them to be pretty good.  

- I was wondering whether I am the only one suffering this problem: the software comes with this player won't match up with my Compaq desktop -- it crashed my computer several times and I had to give up by putting it up for sale.  Both Compaq and D-Link pointed fingers to each other and won't help me. Be aware if you also use Compaq!  

- I bought the Rocket MP3 player from Musician's Friend and was very excited at first.  I also bought a 1 year warranty on the player.  I personally hate this product and the company who sold it to me  (E-Blitz).  The reason why is because after I downloaded music into the player, for some reason it wouldn't play for nothing!!! I got extremely frustrated from having to constantly restart my comp. because it froze many times for no reason! Every time I tried to play the music that was downloaded into the player, the screen would just display "00" or "01" and nothing happened! Then, after many nervewrecking times of plugging in the USB, it stated that there was an error. It said that there was not enough memory in the player to play, therefore I couldn't use it at all.  Apparently, the player couln't handle the MEASLY 3 or 4 songs that were downloaded into it!!!(that is WACK!) How should have I known when to stop downloading songs! The thing was useless! And if I buy more memory, how do I know it won't do the same thing when the memory runs out?! I tried to call the company for a trade or refund, but all they told me was to call another # back and forth! Even with the warranty, I was not helped at all. I couldn't do anything! I wasted my money (...) for something that doesn't even work! If I could, I would warn everybody not to buy this product because if it happened to me, it could happen to you! I believe nobody should be RIPPED OFF like I was! I think that this product shouldn't be advertised at all because it is screwed up!!! (...)  

+ I am one of the apparent few who is very happy with this player.  I got it for Christmas and was a little weary after reading all the other reviews here.  However, my player works wonderfully.  I can get 10 songs on the internal memory and they all play great.  The Smart Media Card Slot is nice.  It does use its own format and WILL make the card unusable to other devices such as cameras.  However, contrary to popular belief, the cards CAN be restored to their original state and universal functionality.  All you need is a card reader with its formatting program.  I have a SanDisk ImageMate USB reader.  It comes with a formatting utility called &quot;SMPREP.EXE&quot; I successfully used this program to restore my 8MB Smart Media Card to work properly with my camera and reader.  Bottom line is that this is a solid player, and I would recommend it especially if you are on a budget.  If you have a CD Burner, think about and MP3/CD Discman since you get 650-700MB of MP3's (150+ songs) per disc.  <p>(The drivers for this player reportedly don't work with COMPAQ machines so be aware of that if you own a COMPAQ)  Hope this review is helpful!  

+ I guess I'm one of the few to say it's nice inexpensive player. The sounds quality is great for the price...I got this mainly because of the small size for working out.<br>To compair the 2 I would say the D-link sound quality is close to that of the more expensive Kazoo...<br>And in my opinion the D-link sofware for downloading is actually more flexable to use than the MusicMatch that came with the Kazoo.<p>Don't get me wrong...I'm very happy with my Kazoo...but for the price difference the D-link is a great bargin...I've had it for over 5 month...no problems. Agian...especially for the price.  

+ In my experience, some of the criticism of this product is fair, but it shouldn't be enough to warn off all potential buyers. First of all, if you want to use your smart media card for other things, you WILL have to reformat it first. Second, the internal memory is small, and it WILL be only three or four songs if you prefer mp3's of 192 kbs or above.<p>However, I've had absolutely no problems with the sound quality of this player. It's cheap enough that you can throw in a 32 or 64 megabyte smart media card for more memory and still have a cheaper package than comparable players. I actually have more storage than my Rio owning bud, for less than 2/3's the price. It IS a functional recorder, basic but solid. The software is decent enough with most computers, and incredibly easy to use. The headphones are maybe the worst part of the player, and I use my own whenever possible.<p>In short, if you're looking for a low priced player and recorder, a combination that's VERY hard to find, this is a good way to go.     I'd only recommend against it if you have a Compaq computer. For the rest of you, don't let the general outrage over it's card reformatting get you down. It's a good machine.  

+ ... then this might intrigue you greatly.  The hook with this MP3 player, distinguishing it from the others, is clearly going to be the OS applications it provides.  Finally, someone has figured out that building some smarts into the player will help it compete with iPods.  The latest craze for MP3 manufacturers is the 5Gb microdrive, a 25% boost from the 4Gb ones supplied by Hitachi.  At this point, the Rio Carbon is 5Gb (along with a host of South Korean manufacturers), and eventually the iPod will get a "free" upgrade to 5Gb as the 4Gb trickle down to nothing.  Then what?  What compels you to choose one over the other?  It has to be the UI and user experience.  The Carbon is nice but offers no improvement to the near-perfect iPod experience.  The scroll wheel is not an Apple innovation, but it took Apple to put it on their MP3 player for the obvious to become clear to the industry.  So tack on a scroll wheel and... you still have to compete against the intuitive OS-based application that an iPod offers the user.  It's easy to find songs, organize songs, and also carry some essentials and diversions.  The iPod gets it right, the Carbon doesn't.  Today, the Creative Zen Micro proves it, too, gets it right.  Better for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility.  This makes the Zen Micro the first choice for MP3 owners with a Windows-based system.  I'm not professing to be a consumer-survey corporation, but I don't know *anyone* with an iTunes account.  However, I do know about a dozen people with well over 4000 MP3s each.  What device would I recommend?  Well, if size matters, and you like the idea of a lime-green or bright yellow device, then I'd have to go with a Creative Zen Micro.  Creative has excellent music software, a very responsive tech support group (they are quick on firmware updates, and make them publicly available), and usually a good array of accessories.  The Zen Micro is no exception: in addition to the case, it comes with a neck strap, and has all of the necessary cables for syncing and charging.  The extra spare battery is just a neat bonus.  If I could, I'd trade-up on my Creative Muvo2 and snag a Zen Micro tomorrow.  **** I gave up a ton of positive reviews to add this addendum.  I do not work for Creative; I had a chance to play with a review copy in-depth, as others have (See Engadget, Gizmodo, or c|net as examples).  Just because Amazon doesn't have it to sell doesn't mean the product is unavailable for review.  Please judge any review you read -- in any medium, be it here or newspapers or magazines -- by its own merits. ****  Fred  

+ this new product from creative i feel will be sure to take over the market. First lets name thr competitors. The rio carbon 5 gb. and the ipod mini 4 gb. Lets go on to compare them. the  ipod mini is a so called legend but i dont think so cause first of all it only has 4 gig compared to the carbon and the mini which have 5 thats 25% more. then the carbon and the creative mini have a voice recorder and the creative mini has a fm radio and a recorder. The ipod mini has a touch pad which the creative mini also has. The carbon does not have this but has an auto dj that chooses your favorite songs and your least favorites. the ipod mini does not have this but the creative one does. Like the adress book and such in the ipod mini not to fear the creative one has those too.the carbon does't. Both minis also feature backlit buttons. But the creative mini also has a cool light on the edge of player. carbon doesn't. Plus the ipod mini cant play wma the others can. Plus on the creative mini the touch pad is not  circle and has no buttons on it. Now lets name what all have. Creative has fm radio and recorder,voicerecorder, adress book and such, backlit buttons, touch pad, auto dj, 10 colors. the rio carbon has 5 gb , voice recorder, auto dj, extremely small.The ipod mini has 4 gb, no fm, no voice rrecorder, adressbook and such, . (...)  

+ Zip it seems that you critisize the previous guy of being a creative employee because he likes it. On that basis it would seem that you are an Apple employee, next time do not open your mouth. As for me i think that this product is far better than the apple ipod mini although for it to take down the mini it must have a crack team of marketers to get the word out, other wise it will likely go unnoticed. For all those un biased about products you should find this a much better product than the ipod mini on many fronts.  NEW: It seems that amazon in an attempt to make a few more bucks has jacked the price up from the 250$ that it used to be to 280$. Dont buy here go to creatives web site and buy from them its cheaper and you wont get screwed by amazon. I still love this product and intend to buy it after a few reviews come out from respectable magazines like PCmag or someone like that but until then screw you amazon i hate you and you need to drop the price back down so this thing can compete with the ipod mini.   Even more NEW: Good job amazon you droped the price back down. Who's a good boy, thats right. goood boy.  

+ I've had my first Creative player, the Zen Xtra 60GB for 5 months now and I must say that I am incredibly happy with it.  I don't think that "Zip" is actually an Apple employee but worse yet a Mac geek (see book, "Cult of Mac").  The most ridiculous argument made by these types is with regard to the sound quality.  The ipod and ipod mini do most certainly have worse sound quality than just about any of their competitors.  Not only have I tested this myself, but anyone can read professional reviews and ratings for these players, where the apple inferiority in sound quality is always noted).  I just read a consumer reports roundup (either nov or oct 2004) of HD digital audio players and the ipod and ipod mini were each the WORST of their respective categories in sound quality.    I don't own it myself, but have a friend who does and can tell you that the Iriver ihp series absolutely blows away the ipod in many aspects, including sound quality.     As for this "imitator" label, lets all remember that apple was not even the second company to come out with this type of device (hard drive based digital audio player).  Creative was indeed the first with the Nomad. I owned an Archos jukebox well before the ipod was released (that model even has better sound quality than the ipod).  The ipod certainly was the smallest when it came out and continues to have a great interface but others have caught up.  Apple is actually the imitator in this regard although this is not well known becuase apple has the greater geek fanbase and marketing muscle to help obscure things.  Most people are not even aware that competing products exist.  What is apalling though, is that the advertising and the apple fanboy base have gone so far as to claim that the ipod has better sound quality.  I'm not just expressing my opinion, standards for measurement of sound quality exist and Apple's ipod's and ipod mini's do not compare favorably against the competition in this regard (do some research on Google, even on your mac).  Creative is the standard in computer audio hardware (the core elements of a digital audio player) and this helps them produce players with great sound.    No, I do not own a Zen micro and have never written a review for anything before owning the very item.  I was forced to do so here after noticing the utter insanity of Zip's comments.  If you want to just load up your player with Justin Timberlake, Creed or Brittney songs off of ITunes, perhaps the ipod is your best bet, just quit lecturing others.  Also, the backlit screen will reduce the battery life for any player, and the zen touch's battery life still kills that of the ipod (if you actually did own one).    Please, zip it good!   

+ hi,,, im the guy whp wrote the review entitled  kids review. and by the way zip whats an apple salary like. stupid the guy lives in new jersey, i doubt he works for crative. anyways.   i have fallen in love with it lets see sumthing since your ipod man ill show you something9 dont get me wrong i love the ipod 20gb in fact i have one but give me a break its good but its not heavenly  stuff that ipod mini has -calender and such -touch wheel -awesome design - size -large format range -a rich big brother  stuff that creative mini hAS --calender and such -touch wheel9pad0 -awesome design - size  stuff creative mini has that ipod mini doesnt - fm radio -fm recorder -voice recorder -buttons not on the touch pad+++++++ -cool shiny light on on front peremiter -microsoft outlook autosync( for email adresses and such -better battery life -removable battery -available remote with backlit led screen  thanks for listening   

- It's nice that the Zen Micro has bells and whistles like FM (but where's AM???) and voice recording, and 20% more storage than "the other" mini MP3 player, but why is it so (...)ugly?  The colors are a joke, and I personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad.  But my biggest gripe is still the extremely ugly design.  What's the point of having "good audio" in your hand when your g/f thinks you have no taste whatsoever and your friends laugh their heads off while proudly showing off their iPod Mini?  Creative should hire some real industrial designers.  

+ The Zen Micro looks great to me, better than the iPod mini and equal to the Rio Carbon.  Pros: +5 GB Seagate drive +Great sound quality (all of Creative's players) +Synchs with Outlook +Looks cool +Removable battery  Cons: -Requires software to transfer music -No tactile buttons, all touch sensitive.   And to the fool zip, iRiver was out before the iPod, so your point is moot.  

+ I really like this "curved" design, and the electric blue glow is cool (can't wait to play with it under the sheets with my girlfriend). Have to remark to Gadgester about "Creative should hire some real industrial designers." that  J.Ive's worked on toilets and wash basins before iPod, which probably explains the white of the original iPod and the metallic colors of the mini, they all remind me of public toilets. The beltclip on Mini is really useless (unless you have small private parts and need to show your Mini off to impress the girls - "look see girls, I spent wads of money girls, do you like me now?) The curved shape of Micro plus its smaller size will make it easy to slip anywhere, Mini was uncomfortable in my pocket, all those sharp edges sticking in me. Good to see Microsoft and Creative team up with this product so that it will work on any PC running Windows. Think I'll leave iPods for the people who spend money to look cool, and get myself a Zen Micro as I value my music quality above what my friends think of me.  

- I'm writing this review because I'm been loocking forward to the iPod competition... but it is constantly letting me down. Why does creative incorporated FM radio and not ogg sopport first?, being this a digital music player... I think the are just trying to battle  the iPod with the same features, not really trying to make a better player. There are far too few ogg players out there, and most of them are not good or too expensive...  

+ I could type all day about the knitpicky waa waa of iPods and Zen players, but what it boils down to is simple, really.  The new series of Zen players are well worth the coin; they're functional; they look good; they sound fantastic, and they cost less than an iPod.  Bottom line.  But hey - buy an iPod if you want - Steve Jobs is the laughing all the way to the bank.   For the record, it was Creative that invented the portable music player, but it was Apple that created something unique with the concept and put marketing muscle behind it.  If you want to be specific, you could say that the iPod is actually an expensive knockoff of the of the older circa 1999 players - yes 1999!  Was there an iPod back then?  Nope.  

+ i liked it because it was my first mp3 player and it's easy to control, my friend brought over her video ipod and i could even make my way around it.  nowhere near the experience though, but like i said great for beginers  

- This flash drive seemed like a great idea.  Unfortunatly, the player has trouble playing most of the music files I transfer to it from my iBook.  The company says its compatible with Apple computers, but normally the player will only play a handful of the songs I transfer to it!  

+ The item is okay for the purpose I intend to use it.  I've downloaded about 3 1/2 hours worth of music that I listen to on my pc at work, or when I exercise.  I have not used the voice recording function except to make sure it works, which I plan to use in classes.  Downside is that it does seem to "lock up" a lot, and I have to remove the battery to shut it down in order to start over.  

+ I bought one of these about 6 months ago and I used it a lot, especially when jogging.  Today it quit working correctly.  When I try to turn it on it powers up and then shuts off automatically.  Tried changing the battery; didn't help.  I paid about $40 for it so it cost me between $6 and $7 a month during its useful life.  Was it worth it.  Well, I enjoyed exercising a lot more.  In all fairness, and based on other reviews of similar products, I guess I could have paid a lot more for something else and maybe not had much better luck.  

+ Picked this mp3 player up simply because it had a low price, and I wanted a player to use while exercising.  I had never heard of Coby so I wasn't sure what I was in for...  The good:  Easy to set-up and use right out of the package--didn't even have to install anything.  Simpy drag and drop mp3's from Itunes into the "portable device" icon.  This player is pretty small so you can use it virtually anywhere.  Runs on one AAA battery.  Decent little lcd display that so far only shows the song title.  From what I gather there are several options you can use, such as playlists, repeat, etc.  Have only had it one day so I haven't gotten into all that just yet.  The bad:  Seems a little flimsy...not sure how long this thing will hold up.  Function buttons and overall unit have a "dollar store" feel to them, kinda like a cheap toy out of a cereal box.  The ear buds included in the box are junk.  I guess you get what you pay for...maybe it will work for years on end but somehow I doubt it.  Probably would be wise to invest more money into your mp3 player purchase and get something with a longer shelf life.  Also, it is worth mentioning that the instruction booklet for this item is a joke.  

- Basically this is a cheap item that should not be purchased. You can spend a little more and get a nicer and better equipped item. I bought this for my young daughter to download only minimal amounts of music so I thought for the price, this would be fine. However, it simply would not download songs. It continually 'locked up'. When it would finally download, the ear piece had static throughout. Finally, upon downloading  one CD, you were forced to erase that CD to download another. I have sent this back to the manufacturer for a refund. Upon telling the salesperson about my reasoning for returning the product, there was no questions. This is probably commonplace for this product.   

+ I bought my son this player for christmas he is only seven so I didnt want to get him an ipod and have him lose it get it stolen or destroy it so I went with this. Great move. It was a bargain price I thought it would be low quality but it has held up great. He uses it every day and it is very simple to use. I am definetly a pleased buyer.  

+ The navagation buttons are a little odd.  The music seemed to be glitchy, but  I think that was my software I was using.  It has been running fine for the last 6 months.  Doesn't eat up batteries that bad.  I use it jogging and has a hold button which is nice.  

+ I had this for 1 1/2 years.  I am a MAC person.  So I wanted the cheapest MAC compatible player out there. IT WORKS EXCELLENT!! For both types! No reformating of the drive, you stick in a MAC it reads it or stick in a PC it reads it. You can't use Itunes with it but the software in the box works fine. It does the job. You get what you pay for which is true.  Simple to use and drag and drop and your done.  I use this for work as well (transport files). TIP: if does fail go to the website and get the FIRMWARE UPDATE.  I had mine freeze up b/c I snatch it right out of the port rushing to meet an appointment. I got the update and it works again, Great! PS I have a NanoPod too, this is COBY player is still a great value.   

+ Works great, but drains battery life rather quickly I think. Very handy to have around when you need a usb flash drive.  

- do not buy this item. i brought 2 and they both failed within 2 weeks. you get what you pay for.  

- This thing didn't last long at all.  First month worked fine.  Second month, the files started to randomly get shuffled into other files.  Third month, the folder files were unable to be deleted off the player, and the screen gave foreign jargon instead of english, so I had to remember how to get to menu items by counting 'clicks' and 'ups and downs'.  Fourth month, the screen went out.  Bottom line, stick with a proven technology leader like Sandisk, who have been making quality flashdrives for years.  I've got one of their players and have had not one problem for nearly a year.  

+ If you have time to mess around with the software that SONY provides with this player then buy it. It is small, sounds good and looks good. I bought one for my wife "Pink" and thought she would use it but she still uses my old cheap one because it is easy to use. There are links you can go to to download a file manager for this product but it lessens your amount of songs you can store  

+ This Mp 3 player is great... no doubt about it. It easy to use and has a cool screen. Sounds better than any stereo I've heard before. A little over $100 is a bargain!.  

+ I bought this walkman, watched the tutorial on the softwear before I even opend the product and have had no promlems whatso ever, except i bought it to use at the gym and apparently sony thinks everyone is right handed, so the left ear bud has no cord at all! but i got diffrent ear phones and i love it, the sound qaulity is great, and while the software takes alittle while to load everything, it isnt all that bad. But can someone please tell me how to set my favorite stations to the preset on the radio? This is a great little product and alot cheaper then the i pod and i like it alot better, the ipoddosnt even have the radio!  

+ I love this MP3 player.  It looks great and the sound quality is excellent. I have had no problems using the software that came with the player.  It was easy to install and use, and if I can use it anyone can.  It takes about 5 minutes to import a complete cd onto my computer.  I don't feel that is an unreasonable amount of time. The battery on this thing is amazing.  It is easy to charge and lasts forever. I have never owned another MP3 player, so I can't compare it to any other players out there. The only complaint I have is that the earphones that come with it are very uncomfortable.  I would recommend this player to anyone.  It is awesome!   

- Hardware awesome, software a flop. Since you HAVE to use their software the package is destroyed. I will give you the final nail on the coffin for me. I tried to put Podcasts on the device using the latest SonicStage 4. No chance. It wants to be able to find each "artist" in the Sony library. This was bad for the odd bit of music it could not find but obviously it can not find the podcasts in their library.  I had bought one of these and had considered one for the girlfriend - no chance now. Shame as the hardware was A1.  

+ Plan to spend a few hours with the manual when you get this one...but after that its easy to use and reliable. The selling  feature for me was the built in FM tuner...to listen to TV at the gym. For all its features - both on the player and the computer interface - its a good price for all you get.  

+ Super fast shipping from Sony. I got mine for $79, I don't know why they raised the price. Anyway I've had mine for a few days now and I'm completely satisfied, didn't have to read the manual, for me it was as simple as any CD player or walkman.  However, like most other people I did have some issues with the SonicStage software not accepting some of your files, but I just figured that all you need to do is convert your files to .wav Instead of .mp3 before you add them.  Look: comes in lots of cool shades, I liked the design much better than the ipod.  Battery: this mp3 player is supposed to have some kind of technology that allows you to enjoy hours and hours of listening time before having to recharge, which still takes a few minutes. I left mine on accidentally all night yesterday, and woke up with it still running, with more than 3/4 full battery.  The only other con I would say are the very awkward headphones, the right piece is twice as long as the left, but you can always get replacements.  Other than that, I'm very satisfied with my purchase.  

- The screen tells me "memory error."  No one at Sony Tech Help can tell me why. One "analyst" actually suggested that I plug it into a friend's computer and see if it works, since it no longer works on mine.  I've had an Ipod for two months and it works great. This Sony has never been much and now it doesn't work at all and no one knows why!  I'm actually amazed by the stupidity of the whole thing.  

+ i asked my fiance for our first chirstmas if he could get me something that will hold all of my cds. well he didn't like ipod that much and bought me this one and himself a blue one so we matched. i like it alot, the battery last pretty long for me, its small and light. i got water some how on it and it didn't get ruined, also i have the 512mb and i have over 170 songs on it. the down fall is if i didn't use his computer it would delete all the songs i already downloaded so i now have to use my computer and borrow cds of friends to download not just pop it in and down load. but i like it its pretty good for not being an ipod.   

+ Software a little confusing, but overall a good MP3 player.  My granddaughter is really enjoying it.  

+ I initially was hesitant of buying "a" sony MP3 player based on all the other reviews. I will have to say getting used to the SonicStage program can take time. Some mp3 files might prove problematic to play on it (a couple of my files did not play on it). But converting to the OMG format and using those files really is not that big of a deal. It will take a bit of time, but you really have to do it once. The sound quality (earphones + playback) is just great. Moreover it is just beautiful. I have to say the OLED display is wonderful, and going through playlists and the like is with no problem. Long story short, it is "different" from other mp3 players because of no drag and play, but in my humble opinion it is not a deal breaker.  

+ It is true to the description. The battery lasts like forever and it is so cute. Sonic Stage is real easy to use unlike what others are saying. The only thing I did not like was the extended headphones. It should not have an extender. The length should have been like that anyway. I end up losing the extender. So that sucked but other than that, I love my sony mp3 player.   Must Buy!!!!  

+ I purchased the Sony Walkman 512 For my 18 year old granddaughter for her graduation, she loves it ,she also jogs everyday and say it has great sound Quality ,also she has downloaded  her music with no promblems.  We rate it a 5 star. Theresa in Mandeville La.  

- This mp3 player is very confusing. They don't put any instructions in the box either. You have to download them, and it's almost 100 pages long. Who has time to read all of that? I've had my mp3 player for over a month and i still haven't put any songs on it. Well I had like 3, but I hit a button (trying to skip to the next song)and it erased them all. So it's easy to erase your songs without knowing it. When I first downloaded the songs, I was trying to play the next song and i hit the button and it just repeated the same song over and over again. VERY CONFUSING!   

+ I've purchesed this item little more than a week ago (mostly because it was cheap). I have to say it works great, and even though everyone said not to use the software it comes with, I gave it a try. I don't know why people don't like it, it's very simple and easy to use. I'm not a comp. wiz, and still I set up the whole thing in no time with my fav music-also with the 5 free downloads it comes with, too. So for this cheap, it's a great deal. The earpiece of course is useless, but I've got great ones also from sony, so didn't care. So thanx Etronic!   <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0008JFCVU/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/104-3686616-6018308">Sony NW-E505 Network Walkman 512 MB Digital Music Player with FM Tuner Pink</a>  

+ I have to say I was a little leary when I read the reviews of how bad the software was for this product.  Then I read farther and found out that on the Sony site they have a link to put a better version of software on the player.  So, I bought the MP3 player and let me tell you.  The battery lasts forever.  I dloaded the software.  Moved the songs by dragging and dropping.  And my daughter has loved every minute of it.  Not one single problem.  All this plus a neat screen.  I cannot beat the price.  Oh, by the way, I hate Ipod anything.  

+ I purchased this item over 6 months ago and it's perfect for the gym. I've dropped it on several occasions and a couple of times in the water fountain. It still works like a charm. I am very very hard on electrical equipment when I work out. The down side is that you have to really get your music from Sonic Stage, which isn't great. You have to down load music into it and then down load it to your player. Other devises you go from the cd right to your player. It takes a bit longer than necessary. The other problem is if you lose that clip devise that holds the player to your clothes while your work out, it can't be replaced. So don't loose it!  The positives are that it holds a charge for a long time. I work out 5 days a week, 2 hours a day. I have to charge it once every month...maybe.  It also has plenty of memory and it can hold a lot of music. It's well worth it. It's really better than a disc-man and it's not complicated to use.   

- I purchased this item to listen to FM radio or music while running.  The wire for the ear buds are incredibly short, and so I clipped the unit to the collar of my tee shirt.  Sweat got on the case and the thing quit working within 30 minutes.  This seemed like a fluke, since the device seems to be made for working out, so I returned it to Sony.  At first Sony refused to repair or replace the unit, and wanted to refund the purchase price.  I refused and they shipped another unit, which quit working in a similarly short period of time under similar circumstances.  At this point I gave up.  Visiting my local Radio Shack later for another reason, I found that an FM radio with a two gig MP3 player (the NWE 505 has 512M) was available for about $40, cheaper than the NWE 505, without waiting for delivery.  Works great, without the hassle of the Sony MP3 software.  

+ This is my first mp3 player, I have to say it's been a good experience. With patience I figured out the program that came with it. (my biggest concern after reading reviews)The battery lasts forever and the sound is good, although I think I have noticed a skip or two lately, and the ear buds are painfull and short, get some new ones. I think this a good product for the price and does a good job.  

+ This MP3 player is very user friendly and easy to follow directions for getting started.  Also love the clip on.   

+ i bought it about 2 mounth ago and lked t very much ts sound qualty very good but thnk t comes from my bose trpod headphones :)  

+ When I first purchased this item, I loved it.  I really appreaciated the very long battery life and how quickly it charges back up.  However, I have noticed that it now does not hold its charge as long, or it doesn't charge up all the way.  I do not do any exercising activities with it, so I have never had the moisture under the screen problem and it has help up very well in the past two years that I have owned it.  However, I started to feel the annoyance of the fact that you cannot fast forward or rewind songs.  Also, you can't just push a button to go the the next song.  I have to go to the main menu, go into the albums, find the album, and scroll down to find the next song that I want.  Other than these small annoyances, it works great!  

+ my dad sent me this after my video ipod got stolen.  I have to say that it does the job well enough.  Controls are great once you figure them out.  Very compact.  Long battery life.  Quick charge up.  Nice sound quality.  Also comes with FM radio if you get tired of your own music.   all an all... it's a nice basic MP3 player if you aren't looking for anything fancy.   

+ Battery life is great, you really don't need to worry about charging this player. Menues are pretty easy to work with but the fact that there's no search option can sometimes make it somehow cumbersome to work with, try making playlists so you can find things easily.  

+ I love this MP3 player.  The reason I picked this MP3 player over all the others is because it is small and it has an FM Tuner.  In the winter when I have to exercise inside the gym has televisions with FM transmitters to listen to them.  If I didn't have the FM tuner I would be able to listen to the televisions and it gets old after a while if you can only listen to straight music.  It is also nice to listen to a local station to get the local news and events that are going on.  The only downfall on this item is the display is difficult to see out in the sun.  Battery life is super long and it charges up fast if you forget to charge it up.  It really does last 3 hours with a 3 minute charge.    

- very pool quality. actually i want to return this product. i dont know how to do that.  This is worst product from sony. I never expected this from sony.  I spent around $80+ for this product. that is my hard earn money.  

+ I was having a lot of problems with mp3 players until a friend gave me this one used.  THIS THING IS AWESOME! You can organize your music on the player from Sonic Stage which is a great program. The battery lasts a long time and takes a very short time to charge via usb 2.0 port.   It is absolutely excellent  

+ I've had this little mp3 player for over a year now, bought one for my wife, and my brother loved it (bought one too). It's about the size of a lighter, light weight, and comes with a clip that actually works well. You got to spend a little bit of time to figure out the controls, especially if you're just trying to figure it out on your own, you might not notice the shuffle control. A tiny little button on the back side of the player.   Battery time is awesome, there's just nothing else to that.  The moisture thing is true... I just started to notice it about a month ago. A small part of the screen is starting to have a little cloudy spot on it.  But after over a year of using it on my runs and workouts, and all of my travels, I cannot complain.   I had bought a zune which was huge, then an ipod (not as big, but still bothered me on my runs). Then I realized that I don't need my whole music library with me at all times, so one gig is perfect for me.  If you purchase a good set of headsets... this player will deliver a good sound, great battery time, and plenty of music (you can use the atrac formatting from sony).    

- functionality of device itself is good but the software you HAVE to use is terrible.  Why can't it just be drag and drop through windohs explorer?  I just don't understand proprietary third party software.  I bought a Sony cd mp3 player a couple years ago, installed the software and almost immediately uninstalled it because it was so bad and just made mp3 cds with whatever burning software I had--couldn't have been happier that way. In my experience Sony software is far less than functional and is to be avoided and here you are not given the option to not use it unless you just want to use you player as an expensive 1G storage drive.  That alone makes it not worth buying.  Stick with players that are open source.  As for the authorization thing to get files off the player?  I wish there was an option here to give less than one star on the review.  Player sounded good though and didn't have cosmetic problems some note before I returned it.  

+ For every one of you who is looking for a way to transfer MP3 files directly to this player (or any other newer NW-EXXX models) follow the link below and download Sony MP3 file manager V2.0: http://www.sonydigital-link.com/DNA/common/asp/details.asp?l=en&v=mp3installer_2_0&m=mp3  You need to install the drivers first so that the Windows would recognize the device. You don't need SonicStage if you use this software to play MP3 files. All you do is to run an executable through MP3FM folder inside the player and drag & drop your MP3 files. Unfortunately I could not find a way to combine/rename folders after the transfer. Even if you organize your mp3 files into folders as you want to access in the player beforehand, after running this software your folder structure will be gone if it's deeper than 1 level.  Apart from this the player sounds very good with an awesome display. VBR (variable bit rate) MP3 files are recognized and played back flawlessly. The track/album access with the dial is also designed very well. On the negative side the player feels a bit too plasticky, not like the earlier titanium NW-MS70D. Also the bag that comes with this player is too big for the player itself. I wish there was a smaller one bundled in.  

+ Before I start with my mini review, let me first clarify some things:  1. This device support MP3 drag-and-drop without using Sonic Stage using a program provided by Sony. See the following links:  Sony: http://www.sonydigital-link.com/DNA/common/asp/details.asp?l=en&v=mp3installer_2_0&m=mp3 How to make it auto-launch: http://forums.minidisc.org/index.php?showtopic=11234  2. This device works as a regular flash drive. It lets you copy non-audio files.  Mini review:  Having used a Sony miniDisc player before, I'm used to Sonic Stage already. One thing I don't like about it is, there's no Mac support. Sonic Stage is not really hard to use. I look at it as, it's not as easy as iTunes.  It comes with 5 free songs (gift cert) at Sony Connect. The upload of the songs to the device was a bit slow since it's USB 1.1. A good thing about Sonic Stage though is, you can choose what songs to upload to your music device (Apple added this feature when the Shuffle was released).  Although just one color (light blue), the OLED screen is great. Think of an LCD screen but brighter (it makes me want to get the Sony Clie VZ90). All devices with screens should use OLED! :D  The metal controls require getting used to. It reminds me of the small dial at the side of an analog watch -- pull once and twist up or down to scroll through the songs, pull it one more time and twisting up or down scolls through the albums, push it in and it's on 'hold' and controls are protected from accidental pushes or twists.   On power saving mode, when a song is playing, after a few seconds, the screen turns off. Every after a few seconds thereafter, an animation - like four "(" - runs to show you that something is playing.  Battery life - I have no plans of testing it but the box says it will last 50 hours of continuous playing. The box also says that a 3-minute charge is good for 3-hours use (wow). Charging is done via USB through the computer by the way.  As for weight, it's slightly heavier than the Shuffle.  There is an option to adjust bass and treble. Using good earphones makes it sound really better than the Shuffle.  Purchased music are in ATRAC3 format, though it can play MP3, WMA, and WAV files if you upload them via Sonic Stage.  Earphones, USB cable, belt clip, a black pouch, and a 5 free song Sony Connect coupon are included in the box.  As for the cost, the E507 (which has 1GB) is $199 - the 1GB Shuffle is $129. Is the $70 difference worth it? Knowing that Sony included an 3-liner OLED (not just a regular LCD) screen is well worth it already. It also comes with an FM tuner and a clock. While it says at the the back that it was built in China, the build is solid. I highly recommend this device.  Some images side-by-side with the iPod shuffle (see third reply): http://www.1src.com/forums/showthread.php?p=834041#834041  

- I loved this player.  I thought it was beautiful and it complemented my PSP quite well.    But you know of course that Sony had to mess it up.  Have they not learned anything from the ATRAC only Network Walkman debacle of a few years ago?    See here is what has happened.  Sony is composed of two companies.  Media and Engineers.  The engineers put out all the cool stuff like Plasma TV's, PSP, PS2 (PS3!), etc.  Media puts out cool stuff like Spiderman 1 & 2 and Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon.  Media side thinks EVERYONE is a thief and makes the engineering side put all kinds of stupid restrictions on their hardware.  Like on my PSP I have to rename .mp4 movies to NV25349.mp4 and place them in a folder called NV0001.  Music and pictures go in *gasp* the music and pictures folder!  Anyway this isn't a PSP review.  I got this MP3 player from Amazon and I was so happy when I got it.  I immediately unpacked it, marveled and drooled at how beautiful it is, and hooked it up to my USB port on my computer.  I then tried to copy over MP3's.  Alas that didn't work.  No I had to use this program that was REALLY lame.  It is very restrictive on what you can copy over and, like a previous reviewer said, you have to authenticate to even pull your mp3's off!  IT's MY MUSIC Sony.  I own all the CD's and you're treating me like I stole your baby's college fund.  Come on and wise up.  You didn't get where you are today by restricting your customers and your own innovation.  This could be such an iPod killer but alas restrictive software (even moreso than iTunes!) doesn't help me out.  I sold this player on eBay for more than I bought it for anyway.  

+ Has a great look, very modern & sleek!  The screen is really neat, but it's hard to see when using outdoors in the bright sun.  Love how compact it is, how light it is, and how the small number of buttons and things do so many different things.  I do wish there was a arm band for it, but I have concocted my own using a wrist band (sweat band thing) which works fine. It has great sound - I love the various sound options!   One thing I don't like... there are different screen settings, and when you switch one to show the time or something, I wish it would show the music information when you switch songs, but it doesn't.  If you select the time to be shown, you'll see that only until you switch over to the other Display mode.   I have had some problems w/ the software... but I got songs onto the player in the end.  It's not too user friendly.   But overall, I am thoroughly enjoying it.    

+ It's awesome! I really really enjoy it. It is small, download is easy, setup is easy, sound quality is great and the FM is good.  The only (small) drawback is switching between the FM and MP3. The buttons are really small and makes it hard to switch between different functions.    

+ Sony has a winner here!  Display is crisp and is easily seen in daylight. The Controls are easy to use and straight forward. The size and weight are minimal - you can clip in on your shirt. The sound quality is excellent - even at max sound level. The included sofware is fairly easy to use and setup. It would have been nice (hint to sony) if a standard retractable USB connector was built in - I just bought a mini-usb to USB adapter and keep in in the included bag. The FM tuner is sensitive and locks in the toughest stations. If you carefully look on the web, there is an alternate mp3 manager available that is tiny and can be run directly from the unit when plugged into USB.  The unit can also be used as a file storage device similar to a standard USB dongle.  Battery life is excellent.  Just plug into any USB to recharge.   5 Stars  Awesome!    

+ Pros: Slick Design. FM Tuner Fits in the pocket  Shuffle option.  Cons: Headphones - had to immediately buy new headphones cuz the length of the earphone that came with the product were uneven.  Charges thru computer. Overly priced.     

+ Sony's NW-E507 Digital Music Player is perfection. The player's benefits range from its sexy design to it's user friendly downloading software. I had searched for a MP3 for several months and upon finding the NW-E507 I knew I had an MP3 Player to rival my friends Ipods. First the NW-E507 holds 1gb of storage which is perfect for what I use it for. My mp3 player is used for the gym mainly. I knew in my mind that the ipod was to big for the gym and the shuffle did not have a screen which was a definite negative. the sony mp3 player has a integrated screen, which has received several compliments. The quick battery charge is great as well and so is the navagational system on MP3 player. Not a single negative i can think of. just buy it.    

+ It is a well established truism that Sony's primary operating software for their mp3 players is dreadful.  However, they have had the foresight to make available a drag-n-drop "mp3 Manager" that is ingenious in its utter simplicity. (Makes you wonder why they just don't tweak their miserable Sonic software that is both user-un-friendly and, apparently, hyper-suspicious re piracy concerns.)  I have found the MP3 Manager software not only at the Sony site but at a couple other places online.  Once installed, it automatically opens when you connect your player via USB, and opens a window that permits you to delete and add music files with the greatest of ease.  Note, though, it will only work with mp3 formatted files, and won't abide, e.g., wma format.  I have not yet received my NW-E507 (but give it 4 stars based on my experience with the NW-E75 I currently own), but the software works quite well with my NW-E75 (of which I am replacing with the NW-E507 only for the greater 1 gig v. 256MB storage capacity).  I assume, based on a couple postings here, that the MP3 Manager Software works equally as well with the NW-E507 (assume and hope....).  

+ battery life is great , and the SD card extention is nice you can add a 2GB card no problem.  

+ it was good but it wasnt quite built to specs as in the screen fades out every once in a while n stuff  

+ Very happy with the product so far and it looks like a new MP3 player. I am pleased with your service.  

+ ive had my rio carbon player for about 1 1/2 years and it has worked flawlessly until recently. for the first year i encountered absolutely no problems with the carbon and found that i liked it much more than an ipod, due to its size/shape and how easy it was to use, the only complaints that i had in the first year were fairly nitpicky in that the headphones stopped working after about 6 months (which isnt a big deal since headphones are easily replaceable) i also found it a pain to scroll through all of the artists to find a specific song that i want to listen to because this takes a long time (which is one feature in which the ipod is superior). the player is fairly easy to use and the software for the computer is also user friendly with easy playlist options and it is also simple to modify the title for the songs. it doesnt take very long to upload the music to the player and the player instantly recognizes what songs you already have on it so it wont waste space by duplicating the song on the player. i found the carrying case useless since you cannot access the front buttons while it is in its case and it is an extremely tight fit, making it difficult to insert and remove the player from its case, so i rarely use it. when i first purchased this mp3 player the stupid best buy employee told me that it could hold 5000 songs which is what made me choose this product over others, however i was extremely disappointed to find that it can only hold between 600-700 songs, and while that still is a great deal of songs this did not meet my expectations and it came nowhere near the amount of songs i wanted to put on it, making it sort of a pain to change my songs and go through all of them to pick and choose which songs i wanted to listen to rather than just having all of my songs at my fingertips. recently i have been having problems with my carbon player and have been pleased when i call the customer service center, they have been able to help me a great deal each time i call in getting my carbon to function again (i have called a total of 4 times in the past 6 months) however today i called them since my carbon player said it had no songs on it but when i plugged it into my computer it said that the player was full and they tried to help me as best they could but ultimately they told me in the sweetest way they could that there was an internal issue within my player and that i need to get a new mp3 player, which is disappointing since it seems like an mp3 player should last longer than 1 1/2 years. what surprised me most of all was that the rio employee suggested that i research the mp3 player much more before purchasing it (which i most certainly will do) and that i should really look at other types of mp3 players, basically telling me that i should not get another rio carbon 5 gb player. i will certainly follow this employees advice and do not plan on purchasing another rio product in the future, if you are considering purchasing this mp3 player i recommend that you do so only if you dont mind getting a new one in a year or two... but hey, you can do what you want, this is only my experience with one carbon, if you decide to get one hopefully you will have better luck than i did   

+ This MP3 player is basically the best you can get the only problem I had was when I droped it and the volume wheel got messed up but other than that it's the best ever!  

- This item's USB device was not recognized by Windows.   

- This was my second RIO MP3 player, the first worked fine but had a very limited memory.  The carbon worked well for about 1 month.  Then an error started to show up which prompted me to 'reinstall' the system to my computer and uplink all the songs again.  By the third month the player wouldn't link to the computer at all.  After numerous conversations with RIO, they informed me that my player needed to be replaced and offered to send me a replacement for the low low price of $100.  As I payed just $150 on sale 3 months ago, I politely (!@$# NO) declined.  My IPOD nano works well everytime, is smaller, more user friendly, and has a 1 year warrantee vs. the 90days for the RIO.  In otherwords, don't buy the carbon.  

- I've owned two previous Rio's that I really liked and were adopted by my kids.  I upgraded to the Carbon.  It worked great for one month then required that I format the hard drive every time I wanted to add/delete music.  By month two the "permanent" long life battery was dead.  I followed the exact instructions on Rio's website for warranty assistance--THREE times and was completely ignored.  

- I wish someone had wrote this review before I had bought my Rio carbon(2 for that matter.) I purchased my Rio carbon around Xmas of 2004.  Having used it for almost a year with no complaints I dropped it.  Im not a clumsy person but using it everyday scrolling between songs after song It would move in and out my pocket repeatedly.  As you can guess the volume and song scroll wheel got jammed in.  This delicate piece does not take much effort to destroy.  So I decided to be extremely careful and buy the Rio carbon pearl(6GB).  Again it worked perfectly for a little bit over a year and then suddenly it didn't work.  After restarting the unit more than a dozen times it worked again but did not read the songs I had on the mp3.  Rio customer service said they did not know what was wrong, but I had another 2 or 3 Mb of storage left.  Now 2 months later my Rio completely kunked out and I never drop the unit once!!! I hate Apple and ipod because everybody had one and I didn't want pay more for an ipod mini which at the time had less storage space for around the same price. But now I know why people pay more for things: Qaulity. A brand new Rio carbon cost 114 dollars now as listed on Amazon; but if you are ok with it having problems within a year, then this is the mp3 4 u.  

+ I bought this player like a year and half ago.  For the most part it has worked great.  The price was really affordable for the amount of storage capacity.  I do have to say that I have had an issue with my player though.  A few months past it up and died on me.  I used it until the battery died and when I plugged it in for charging it just wouldn't.  It couldn't turn on or off, it just stopped working.  I threw it in a drawer and started shopping for and ipod.  A couple of days later I decided to give it another shot and I plugged it in to charge and it worked, it charged itself and started working again.  Now, the date and time were way off and I have noticed that it does that sometimes.  You know, the date will be like 5/12/06 and the player will say its 2/15/70, which I don't know why it does that but it doesn't interfere with anything  else. Now, I agree that the customer support for Rio sucks.  When I had issues with mine I tried to call them up and all I kept getting was a machine and that was after they told me that they had a new number.  When I tried going online for support it wasn't much help either and the only thing that I could do was pay them money to see if they could even help me. So overall, its a decent player for the money you are paying.  When its time to get another one I would say that I will most likely not go back to Rio.  I will probably go with something that if I have technical issues they will either help me out or replace mine.  I know that technical difficulties sometimes happen but it doesn't hurt to have a company that at least pretends to care and help you.  

+ I purchased this item and found after spending a few hours of downloading songs, that it was defective. I was disappointed because I was looking forward to getting this item.I contacted your customer service dept and was given instructions on returns,your return process is very efficient and I received a 2nd MP3. The only problem is up to this point it was about 3 weeks from when I originally ordered the item. After spending another 2 hours or so downloading and listening to songs I discovered that this MP3 also was slightly defective also. When listening to songs, only on certain songs, it would lock up and the whole system would just shut off. I did not want to go through another return process and downloading session and I really like this MP3 so even though it is defective,I decided to keep it anyway. I also want you to know that when purchasing the item, I saw no indication on the screen of your website where it said that it was a remanufactured item. I only discovered it after the purchase.  

+ My wife uses her Rio Carbon all the time and she loves it.                                                     B. Holmes  

- I've owned this Rio Carbon for about two years. The interface with various Windows versions (I've gone through several since buying this) is very poor, the actual software program that comes with this Rio is rudimentary and that is almost a compliment. The unit itself is prone to fits of all kinds including restarting without reason, not shutting off, taking very long to turn on, etc. For any problems that you may encounter, don't count too much on the Customer Service. It's free only for the first 90 days and even during that time, it's pretty much useless. There is not much else that they can tell you that is not already written on their website which is meant to say, the several serious problems that this player encounters point in only one direction - it is, by nature, unreliable. Avoid it! There are much better options out there these days.  

- Most of the good reviews I have seen were from people who just bought this MP3 player.  If you notice the on,off and volume switches on the top, they are plastic.  It looks like metal but they are not.  You can only bend or press plastic too many times before it breaks off.  I called the company about this and they wanted $99 to fix it.  Anyone knows you can't press on a plastic piece over and over again.  They told me tough luck.  Sure it was nice for the first week but who cares if its inoperable in a month!  

+ My husband bought this mp3 player for me as a birthday present. It's a whopping 5 GB player and you'd have to put down at least $250 if you want an iPod with comparable storage. It holds an amazing number of songs and I especially like the recorder feature. It's great for undergraduate and graduate students because you can record lectures and listen to music with one little device! Both the device and the software are straightforward and easy to use. I agree with the other reviewer because it is a tiny bit annoying that you can only create playlists when you're hooked up to the software, but it's really a minor flaw and definitely not a big enough problem that I wouldn't recommend it to others. Even if I hadn't been biased against iPods before this because of their ridiculous marketing strategies ("Buy our products because they look cute and come in flashy colors! Never mind if they're quality products or reasonably priced!"), I still would have thought this product was 10x more efficient and reasonable.  My only complaint is that mine broke easily. I see that others reviewers have dropped it multiple times with no problems, so I guess I got the token dud. I only had it for a few months and I dropped it once at the grocery store, and now it's broken and unresponsive to anything I do.  Here's my personal plea: It looks brand new on the outside and I hate to buy a new mp3 player for $100 when I know there's someone/someplace out there that can fix it. I checked Rio's website and they no longer fix their players, so does anyone know of other companies with websites that I can check with? If not, do you have any general suggestions as to where I could start? Any type of stores or business that might offer this service? Thanks and I'd appreciate any help!  

- I purchased one of these refurbished Rio players as an introduction to protable MP3 - I loved this thing for the first ccouple of months - great sound, ample storage, nice interface.  Then it started to fall apart - first the volume dial got stuck, then the buttons stopped responding.  The 'push and turn' style of the volume knob is a very poor design that doesn't work and is prone to breakage. Don't be inticed by the low price and ample storage - this thing won't last more than a few months, and there are lots of better options out there now as every consumer electronics manufacturer has jumped into this market.   

+ I bought a Rio Carbon when it first came out.  I have the problem with the annoying ear phone plug, but I have been using this Rio daily for years and other than the ear phone plug have never had a problem, never had a piece break, everything works the same as when I first bought it, except it doesn't last for 20 hours on a charge anymore.  I listen to audiobooks when I am running, cleaning house, etc.  I have dropped it a million times, found it in the bottom of my purse, exposed it to heat and cold, and it has never let me down.  I wish they still made RIO's!  I know I have had it at least 3 years.  My daughter has one, two co-workers have one, and my husband's co-worker has one and none of them have ever experienced any problems.  I like the charger, too.  The cable has a usb end and it can plug into the computer or into the ac adaptor.  It makes it convenient when traveling, plus you don't have to have a computer handy to charge the player.    

+ This is a great MP3 player.  I love that it is so small and simple.  I wish that they were more readily availiable.  I also love that it is rechargeable and I'm not running through batteries like crazy.  

- I purchased a rio carbon player; after an hour of use it went completely dead.  I faxed the proof of purchase twice within the warranty period  with the understanding that they would respond by phone within four hours.  That was several weeks ago, they never contacted me.  Now my unit is out of warranty, doesn't turn on, and I can't get in touch with Rio.  They have no customer service via email or phone.  Very poor indeed.  

+ [...] I ordered this as a Christmas present for my (then) 13 year old son who longed for "the competition" version of MP3.   The Rio Carbon 5GB was too much memory for the $$ to pass up. Although it's quite a bit larger in size, it's design is sleek, very "industrial" and my son LOVED it.  Still uses it DAILY and it's been 2 Christmases ago!  Felt secure in the reviews, felt secure w/ the guarantee and the company rating.  Mom scored big-time. :)  

- ** Your review of "Rio Carbon 5 GB MP3 Player" **  Sure its cute and fun for the first few hours as stated by other  reviewers. But then there are the problems:  (1) The all important volume control/scroll wheel breaks off if  handled too roughly leaving you with no other means to control the  volume - annoying beyond belief. Given that this wheel also doubles  as a menu selection device/mice you are not going to be able to  change the settings that easily either.   (2) For reasons yet to be discovered, the device goes into an  upgrader mode. Meaning - it displays the message "upgrader" - its  expecting you to upgrade the firmware. But your computer can no  longer recognize it - hence, no upgrade possible and you cannot exit  this mode = IT DOES NOT WORK.  You can't even look at the time at  this point.   (3) Tech support from Rio - ELUSIVE/HARD TO REACH. I don't think  they exist.  (4) Warranty - 90 days after which everything seems to fall apart.  800 number? Forget about it.   Save your money and invest in a more durable device, this thing is  NOT worth it. I became so frustrated with it that I dumped it into  the garbage. I will never buy another MP3 Player from Rio again/EVER!  ** End of the review **  

- I bought a 5 GB RIO Carbon about 2 years ago.  After one year the volume knob broke, so I returned it, paid $100 and got a replacement.  About 2 months later the replacement died, so I paid another $100 and got another replacement.  Now the third replacement volume knob broke (without any dropping etc.)  I wish I never bought a RIO.  It has a serious design flaw.  Buy an MP3 player with no moving parts.  I should have bought an Ipod, as I have now spent far too much money continuously repairing/replacing my RIO.  Also not there is no shuffle mode on it either which would have been a nice feature.  

+ This items works well in general and was a good buy for the price range, but doesn't have the perks that other mp3's have.  You cannot see all of the songs in the playlist when you have selected a list, but only see them as they play.  Also some loose connections at the audio port, making alot of noise when the unit moves, which can be very irritating, especially if you use the unit when exercising/running.  

- The title says it all.  If you bought this player for listening to audiobooks, which is what I did, you'll be extremely disappointed that you'll have to fast forward through the book every time you start it up since there is no resume feature.  Considering audiobooks are anywhere from 3 to 8 hours long in most cases, or at least the pieces you get from audible are, it's totally inconvenient to start playing from the beginning each time you turn it on.  Get used to the fast forward button and remembering exactly what time you were at because you're going to be doing a lot of it.  Lame.  

+ At first I thought it was a pretty nice little MP3 player, although the 60 songs it holds has always been a thorn in my side. I didn't mind converting everthing over to real player since it doesn't play itunes, however, after about three months I had to change the battery...After changing the battery, the mp3 player would randomly shut off, which became a constant problem after every battery change, though eventually the problem would solve itself. Approximately a year later, the battery cover was also constantly falling off for no apparent reason. Now, about a year and a half since purchase, it has completely died, only playing about two minutes worth before shutting off on its own and refusing to reboot for several minutes. It's a great player for the price, but I would have liked something a little more dependable with a larger memory.  

- electrical short kills cheap-med quality head phones!  i lost four before i figure out the problem. and no, it was not just one player. i returned it and got a new one, and it did the same thing. I gave it a 2 and not a 1 because it records radio very well.DO NOT BUY!  

- As most who bought this one knows the battery door did indeed break on my sons. It skips and freezes really bad. He still uses it but I do not think it would hurt his feelings if it got stolen at school! lol  

- I wished I had read all of the reviews for this when I bought mine two years ago. It is worse than a piece of junk because I paid too much money for it and it is useless. The buttons are not easy to use, when I think I am turning it up, I have somehow skipped to the FM radio and cannot seem to get back, other times it seems to cycle through the same 5 songs for no apparent reason. I am still very bitter about spending so much money for a worthless piece of junk - not to mention all the time I have spent trying to make it work.   

- Worked pretty well for the first month except that there is no way that I could find to bookmark the books I was listening to.  At one month, though, the cheap belt-clip broke off while I was jogging.  So much for "Sport Digital..."  The clip is just a little tab of cheap plastic coming off the back of the unit, no spring clip like a cell phone would have, and it flexes a little bit every time you put it on or take it off of your belt.  After about 1 month of this, it broke completely off and fell on the ground while I was jogging.  I emailed RCA to get them to replace it and they called the belt clip breaking "an act of nature" and said it voided the warranty.  A few weeks after the clip broke, the unit started displaying gibberish instead of the name of the song that was playing and the unit shuts down after about 30 seconds.  RCA won't replace the unit due to the so-called "act of nature" so I am out of luck.  The unit was > $100 at the time and RCA gives you the finger for buying their crappy product.    Bad service + bad product + doesn't stand behind product = don't buy the POS.  

+ I've been using this almost daily for over 3 months now.  One of the first days I used I had it I dropped it on a hard floor and the screen went blank.  I couldn't get it back on and nearly panicked.  I took the battery out and put it back in and it came back to life!!  This has happened about 6 times since- this thing is tough!  I've dropped it several times and it just kept on playing.  It's been left in heat and cold, it's even gotten a little wet.  Only thing I haven't done yet is crush it with a barbell!!  I've only used 2 batteries, which is amazing.  It took a little time to get used to the menu, but most of the time I put it on shuffle or play a whole album and it's no problem at all.  I replaced the stock earplugs immediately with soft Koss earbuds- the sound is great.    As far as another reviewer complaining about the flimsy belt clip: he was right.  I left it in my car overnight in the cold, the player was fine, but when I went to put it on my waistband the plastic was brittle and snapped.  I tried gluing it with Gorilla glue, snapped again.  So that night I emailed customer service.  They emailed back the next day and I was able to order replacements.  It wasn't a big deal!  It's part number 271389, costs $2.99 from RCA Consumer Parts and Accessory Order Center 1-800-338-0376.  I went ahead and ordered 2 so I'll have a spare.  I own a Sandisk Sansa too, I love it dearly but I paid too much to risk killing it at the gym.  I only paid $49 for this one, 1 GB is enough space I'm not bored with my collection yet- and I feel like I've got my money's worth out of it already!  I highly recommend this player not just for sports, but also for kids that might abuse it!  Good luck!  

- I snapped belt clip on the device and I cannot get it off to replace battery. If an adult strong man cannot get the clip off, how can a child or woman do it?! Be forewarned: never use the belt clip. Features: I haven't gotten to them yet after 2 hours of wrestling with the clip. Update: to remove the clip, you have to push down the top part of the clip, and pull off the bottom part.   

+ I am Very satisfied with the product and as always the service of amazon was excellent, the only disadvantage was that during the use the cable of the earpieces brokes and is only working one of the exits, by the others the product as equipment surpasses the expectations with the handling of the archives, the sport fusions and FM radio with the recording by several hours, very useful for the interest programs.  

+ My wife has the predacessor (S1010) to this player.  RCA has made significant improvements with this one.  This player is very robust.  The battery compartment is fully protected with the included belt clip.  The edges are made of rubber for superior impact absorption.  My player has been dropped many times and does not have a mark on it.  It has gotten confused from the impact, but a simple power off and then power on corrected the problem.  My wifes predacessor (S1010) is less than a year old and is held together with tape and rubber bands.  This is not something that I anticipate needing to do with the RD2217.  The musicmatch interface software is much more user friendly than that of the S1010.  When you sync an playlist, the playlist actually shows up on the player.  I purchased three of these..one for myself, and two for my daughters (age 6 and 5).  I had to buy some different headphones because the earclips are too large for kids (but are great for adults during exercise).  I have been pleasantly supprised that they have not had much trouble operating the player.  However, I wish that the radio recording function could be disabled.  I gave this four stars because it is a bit heavy.  Although the 50 hours playtime from a AA battery is probably worth it.  I hated the joystick control at first.  Now that I have used the player for a month, I am finaly used to it and now see its advantage.  It is easy to locate the joystick control without looking at the player which allows you to adjust volume or skip songs on the go.  For a splashproof, sport player that is truley robust, you cannot beat this player for under $50.  

+ The Lyra performs well overall, but has some drawbacks. If you are an Audible Book listener there is no bookmarking feature. Each time you turn on the player you have to "find" your place again. Also the battery cover latch broke when the player was quite new. A rubber band holds the cover in place now.  

+ Nice memory Hard to push some buttons Tons of functionality (FM radio, FM radio record, heart rate monitor, etc.)   

- Purchased 3 for each of my daughters. Product functioned fine for the download of music at first, however a few weeks after installing into the computer, we began to have problems. The program seems to have conflicts with our internet security, and thus must be disabled ever time we down load music. Function and durability of the player unit seem fine.  

+ After reading the reviews about the fraility of the battery cover, I took extra precaution when changing batteries.  I get about 50 hours out of each AA battery I use, and I use rechargeable batteries.  The FM radio function works great, and once you get used to the controls, they are as easy as the ipod I used to use.  The only tough part is deleting radio files that you accidentally record when you put the player in your pocket.  For the price, this is the best player I've ever owned.  

+ This player is nice it works very easy with my computer.  It was a little tricky to figure out all of the controls and my fat ape-like hands have trouble using it.  However, it is the right player for me and it seems very durable.  Batteries last forever.  have fun  

+ My 15 year old son got this to replace his Zen Nano that broke. He is rough on stuff and this is a lot sturdier. It's a good player to wear while kicking the soccer ball around or things like that. I've listened to it a few times and sound quality is good. It's a bit bigger than most flash-based MP3 players, but not much so. You can record off FM radio, which my son does a lot. The only negative is that the software to install on your computer is just plain crappy. It's a lot easier to just use Windows Explorer to drag and drop folders and songs from the hard drive.   

- RCA had a good idea but a bad design. The Software is like trying to find your way through a maze that has no exit. I was a system network engineer and I was ready to bounce it off the walls a few times. The clip broke when trying to ugrade the firmware before we had a chance to use it. I had to call and order another clip which took over and hour. Save up and buy something better or go get a root canal it's less painfull.  

+ Just got this for Christmas.  So far it's been great.  Haven't had any major issues with it, even what others have stated. Here are some things that people might not like about it:  you have to use windows media player to add or delete songs from it.  It's not drag and drop like some of the other players I've seen. The software that comes with it(other then the drivers) is like a demo and tends to lock up plus it keeps asking if I want to 'buy' the full version of it everytime I open it. Very annoying, so I just use media player which works just fine. Yes, the plastic clip seems very flimsy, but if you use the arm band, I think it is more then adequate for that.  The buttons, at first, seemed difficult to activate, but as I have been using it that has gotten better.    The earbuds are nice and have good sound. The battery included with the player is a very good long life alkaline.  Over all, I like the player. It was given to me as a gift.  The only thing different I would have like it to have an SD card slot to expand the memory, but then I haven't been able to use up all the memory it currently has!  

- Nothing about this player makes sense.  It is as if it was designed by graduates of Boston College.  The buttons take FOREVER to respond, if they respond at all.  The order that the songs are in make no sense.  Alphabetical..really?  I have no idea what RCA was thinking releasing this bomb on the general public.  

+ This Mp3 player is really great for using at the gym or any sporting activity.  -first of all it was smaller than i thoght -the little joystick feel is wierd but you get used to it -the player looks robust and like it can take some abuse -the eq function is fine, rock is my favorite -you can change the color of the LCD orange,blue,purple -it has an fm radio and you can record radio -amazing battery life, and you dont have to rely on an internal battery, it uses an AA battery for 50 hours of play, and after 2 years you wont have to worry about the internal battery life ending. -it has a great clip and arm band to use it were you want it  AND BESIDES ALL OF THE ABOVE IT MESSURES YOUR HEART RATE  GREAT PLAYER  

+ stopping and restarting so that you pick up where you leave off press stop and hold the button until it shuts down. Play will allow you to start back up. I prefered the previous firmware- ie the stuff that's loaded- I ended up installing a new firmware. The previous allowed my player to be recognized only as a flash drive. I liked that because it allowed me to create folders and check the amount of room left easily. The new firmware is better in terms of file order- I believe it loads in the order the files are copied- but I miss the freedom of simply creating a directory and knowing exactly how much room was left. Of course this lead to me accidentily erasing the firmware. But the performance of this player is still decent. The belt clip is long gone, I think I sucessfully used it for three months, and then it broke. It still fits in my pocket and I'm not using it in an athletic situation. It occurs to me that it would be reasobably easy to construct a similar belt clip- perhaps even using some belt clip from another device. I haven't worked out how, but a thin gauge wire might be a good place to start. This player takes a lot of fooling around to figure out and it's not the most intuitive piece but it plays mp3 and wma and that means I happily use it for podcasts and audio books from my local library. It's not perfect but it's not expensive it has a visual display. I've seen something that suggests you can change the background color. I have not achieved that yet.   Keep the firmware (perhaps copying it to your computer as backup).  Don't use it to work out- it's belt clip will fail and that's the only way to use the armband. Unintuitive button use.   Still good playback. Multiple file support. windows media playlists? rugged construction. easy use with conventional or rechargable batteries.  

+ Bought this for my 15 year old.  He really likes it and it was reasonably priced.  Haven't had any problems with the unit.  

+ Got this as a gift for XMas to replace a lost Rio Cali Sport. I need something light, durable and water-resistant for exercise. This is all that, but I found the controls, and the menus, much less easy to use than the Rio. Also it's easy to jostle the control stick and shut it down in the middle of a run. One other big negative is no slot for an MMR card, which was a big plus of the Cali. (If only I could find another of those!)  

+ Another in the growing list of very cheaply built almost useless from word go light brittle plastic MP3 players.  The controls on this player are so flimsy you expect to see them on a cheap 3 for one dollar bargain toy.  If you buy this be prepared to treat it extremely gently.  This thing is not designed for anything more exciting than a brisk walk or a low impact workout at the gym.  The thin platic case case is almost passable strength wise but the controls are so cheaply done that if you get 6 months hard use out of them consider yourself blessed.  I guess making one of these things out of a strudy material like "HEVAY METAL" and building controls for it that could withstand a rough Harley ride a back pocket is asking too much in todays cheapest is best bottom line culture.  I for one would gladly pay more for a player this size made out of stronger base material with a strudy set of controls that are this easy to use.  I give it three stars for ease of use.  I had this puppy up figured out and running within 10 minutes of getting it out of the box and powered up.  The headphones are adequate but not awesome an easy enough fix if you need perfect sound.  I'd just like a MP3 player strudy enough to go knocking about in the back woods with this old Wolf when he needs music on the go.  Its a good buy so long as you remember to ALWAYS BE GENTLE WITH IT!  This is a nice player and would have been perfect had they just made the thing able to withstand use in the real world.  As it is this is a nice plastic player for nice sadate sedentary plastic people.  This MP3 player is for those content to watch the world go by set to elevator music placed on this device.  If you are busy out there living life riding hard actually doing things extreme sports etc, hiking, getting into the outdoors this is not the player for you unless you remember to ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS BE GENTLE WITH IT!  Peace be Yours my brothers and sista's. Stay Strong!  

+ This MP3 player is small,it sounds good and has some great features.  It has everything the more expensive brands have.  I called them to check out the warranty and they said, if anything goes wrong within 12 months that they will repalce it for free.  Sounded like a good deal and it works well. I'm happy with the decision I made.    

+ I was very impressed with the service I got from this company. I called in to see if they had an arm band that I could put my MP3 player in. They said that they didn't have one yet but are getting them in a few months. They went the extra mile to email me the search page on amazon that had arm bands and the links for the ones they know fit well. I just got my arm band and it is perfect. Now I can throw my MP3 player in my bag and not worry about it.   

- I purchased the iClick Swurv5 from Amazon for my wife's birthday. I based my choice on the excellent reviews given by other users and its reasonable price.  Basically, I wanted a player that was WMA compatible and would synch easily. My wife doesn't do complicated. She loved the size and style of the Swurv5. The USB connection was straight-forward enough. But when we tried to download songs from Windows Media Player the love affair ended. Of the twenty-two songs in her playlist, only two would download.  I tried contacting iClick and they were very, very helpful. They suggested downloading only a few songs at a time. That didn't work. After going back-and-forth for a few days without progress, I thought I should tell them exactly where I was getting my WMAs--iClick had never thought to ask. Once they found out that I was getting my WMAs directly from MSN Music, they seemed to know what the problem was.  Apparently, there's more than one kind of WMA and MSN Music sometimes uses DRM? in their files. The Swurv5 can't handle DRM.  iClick suggested downloading songs from another service. I wondered why "WMA compatible" didn't include MSN Music--Microsoft's standard from Microsoft's store. Maybe the Swurv5 works great with MP3s but I've never used them.  Short story. My wife loves her new iPod. Her first synch downloaded one-hundred & thirty-eight songs without a hitch.  Two stars for iClick's customer service (they were really great).  

+ I like this MP3 player very much.  It has a lot of feature and it's easy to figure out all of the functions without even looking at the manual.  Everything is self explanatory. It sounds good enough with the headphones you get with it, but it will sound even better if you use your own set of headphones. The unit is nice and small in size, it holds a lot of songs and the one AAA battery lasts a long time. The only 2 minor negative thing about it are, #1 the FM tuner does not lock in every station on the dial.  #2 the display section (on the front of the unit) is made out of thin glass, which can easily crack.  It would be nice if the Company that builds them, would also supply a protective carrying pouch for it.  I rate it a 4.5 out of 5 stars (very good item).  Thanks MP      

- First of all this is made of such cheap plastic it's ridiculous. Second it says on the box it works with Windows 98 but the driver files don't show up on 98 SE. Then their customer service is terrible. I've e-mailed 6 times in the past 3 days and haven't recieved any usefull help. They just ask me over and over what version of Windows I'm running. I had this rush shipped so I would have it for vacation. Well, I leave tomorrow and the darn thing still doesn't work.  

+ Had a problem with the device and and to return it. I no time I recieved correspondence from them and told me how to return the item. I received a brand new one and it returned to old one free of cost. The new item now works great. Thank you very much for your excellent service and product.  

+ Bought this for my husband, he loves it; it works great, looks great, nice small size, highly recommend!  

+ this player plays good but controls are hard to use it takes time to get use to them  

- I've had my Swurv5 now for 2 years and when I first got it, I loved it. Its very small, light weight and the fact that it doubles as a USB drive makes music transfer really easy (just plug in to USB port, computer recognizes it as another hard drive, and drop in your music). The reason I only give it 2 stars is for 3 reasons. 1.) It uses a proprietary cable. I lost it and could not find it anywhere, including on the support web site iclickdigital. 2.) The slider control is now broken on my unit after using it to navigate from folder to folder. I've been pretty light on the touch so to see that it is broken now is very discouraging. 3.) The support for this device is virtually non-existent. There are some chat rooms on iclick's website but no one could tell me where I could get a replacement cable. The bottom line is although out of the box, this is a great player, there are cheaper, more sturdy, and better supported mp3 players out there.  

- there are better mp3 players, don't believe the hype. Often the OS freezes causing my battery to drain and requiring me to visit the apple store for repairs.  

+ I have been skeptic about ipod until I decided to buy  this one, although the video is now available I went for  this photo model anf I find it useful to organize your music and take it every where you need it!  

- Is iPod, iTunes, iTunes Music Store A Monopoly?    In the basic sense of the word 'monopoly', Apple has one in the iPod ecosystem.   There are multiple definitions as to what constitutes a 'monopoly.' There's Microsoft's Windows. Apple's iPod ecosystem. Merriam-Webster's definition. And the legal definition. Has Apple created a monopoly?   Yes. What goes around, comes around. Apple's iPod ecosystem, which includes the ubiquitous iPod, iTunes on Mac and Windows, and the iTunes Music Store, is truly a monopoly.   Or, nearly a monopoly. Or, could be proven to be a monopoly. Or not. That's how law seems to work these days.   Thomas Slattery sued Apple Computer, claiming the iPod is configured so that it will only play music from iTunes Music Store and not music from other online stores.   In short, Apple is facing a number of federal and state antitrust claims, and a California judge has ruled that the plaintiff (Slattery) in this case has met the qualifications which assert a "tying" claim.   The case may now proceed as a monopolization claim under the federal Sherman Antitrust Act and other claims for violation of California's antitrust and unfair-competition laws.   Microsoft chairman Bill Gates must be smiling. RealNetworks CEO (former Microsoft employee) Rob Glaser probably helped himself to another jelly doughnut.   The judge noted the basic facts: Apple has an 80-percent market share for online music sales, and more than 90-percent of the market for portable hard-drive music players.   According to Merrium-Webster (the only authority who would comment), there's a non-legal definition for 'monopoly`:    Main Entry: monopoly  Function: noun  Inflected Form(s): plural -lies  Etymology: Latin monopolium, from Greek monopOlion, from mon- + pOlein to sell  1 : exclusive ownership through legal privilege, command of supply, or concerted action  2 : exclusive possession or control  3 : a commodity controlled by one party  4 : one that has a monopoly   If Windows is a monopoly at 90-percent of operating systems on PCs, then Apple can have a near-monopoly on portable music players and online music sales with the iPod's ecosystem.   But a monopoly does not illegallity make.   The issue is how Apple wields that monopoly and both the plaintiff and the judge in the California case think Apple may need to loosen the iPod's ecostrings.   It's the whole 'closed system` perspective that seems to continue to haunt Steve Jobs and Apple. Granted, the iPod ecosystem works very well. No one else has bettered the mousetrap.   That's the point. It's a trap. Mostly. Once you buy an iPod, you're pretty much obligated to use iTunes if you want to listen to music on said iPod.   Once you start with iTunes, you're just a click away from the iTunes Music Store, and, if you're an iPod owner, that's pretty much the only store from which you can buy tunes that will play on the iPod.   Except Wal-Mart, or Tower Records, or Sam Goody, or Target, or... you get the idea. There are alternatives, but online it's mostly iTMS or nothing if you're an iPod owner.   For example, you can't buy music on Microsoft's Music Store and play them on your iPod or within iTunes (not easily, not legally). But that's not Apple's fault.   Then again, Microsoft is not the monopolist when it comes to music on PCs. It's an also ran. A runner up to the crumbs left by Apple's stampede.   The lawsuit, and others of similar ilk, have a case, though with many holes. While Microsoft abused their monopolistic position by forcing manufacturers to pay for Windows on every PC shipped, and to bundle software (illegally, it was determined), Apple doesn't really 'force` iPod buyers to use iTMS.   That's the difference, and it's a big difference. The problem is that you can't use other music from other online stores employing DRM (digital rights management) not compatible with iTunes.   Whose fault is that? Apple's? Yes and no.   Posted by Tera Patricks at 9:35 am on Monday, February 6 2006  Category: News * Reader Comments (26) * Email It  Page 1 of 1 pages  Reader comments...  Jeff says:  The remark about Microsoft deliberately modifying Windows to make Quicktime shaky is not completely true. The Quicktime plugin developers did not fully understand what they were doing, and were relying (unknowingly) on an undocumented side-effect. When that changed, they had problems. That was definitely Apples fault, not Microsofts.   The whole "why won't Apple license Fairplay" issue needs to be considered from a real business perspective. Does anyone know for a fact that Apple haven't said to anyone "Sure, you can use it, the one-time cost is $1,000,000,000"? (Long term, thats probably not an unrealistic figure)   The courts cannot mandate a price for a company to sell its IP. That would set a precedent that would bring down the US economy.   You might as well sue Microsoft for not "making Steve Jobs an offer he can't refuse". That'd probably be the responsible thing for Microsoft to do, where responsible == return the greatest profit to MSFT shareholders.   Hell, Apple are already being hauled over the coals for charging 3rd party manufacturers a fee per unit for using iPod-compatible connectors. No-ones suing over that price-gouging, because they can't. Its not illegal to price your product exorbitantly - if you can't afford to make iPod-compatible hardware, thats *your* problem, go make parts for some other mp3 player.   Market forces are supposed to sort this one out. Your new widget appears on the Dell player instead, its an instant hit, people drop the iPod in droves, you get to sleep "on piles of money with many beautiful girls"   The one counter to all of this, that I'm aware of, is the "inter-operability" argument. That Apple should be forced to open its IP up, so that its competitors can inter-operate with it, in the same way that the EU forced Microsoft to show the Samba guys its internals.   But this is not the same situation - the iPod can already play MP3. The only thing it won't do is support "someone elses file format" and thats a function of the business deal between two third parties, the other vendor and the music industry.   If the courts rule that Apple has to change its ways so that Microsoft and Sony can broaden their markets whilst maintaining their current contracts, then they (the courts) have sunk to an amazingly corrupt new low.   Posted by Jeff on Tuesday, February 7 2006 at 11:58 am    ian Johnson says:  Not a fanboy, however apple built a working system and a good interface to deliver. No one is required to use either one. You can still buy CD's and play them on your a CD player. Should cassette- er 8-track manufacturers sue them for making CD's inoperable in an 8-track slot? You probably can't get the new Britny Spears on 8-track, and there's probably a recording of "Pac Man Fever" on cassette that will never make it to CD. It's called out with the old and in with the new. It happens. Don't cry because it just makes it that much harder. Primus came out with a Brown Album on vinyl long after LP's were much in vogue.  This is like the "Coffee is Hot" model with McDonalds. Based on these relatively simple premises:  1. Coffee is hot.  2. If at all possible avoid spilling it on yourself.  Nobody forces coffee to be hot. It's just better that way. Do not commandeer a cup of brew unless you feel you are sufficiently able to navigate the liquid as it cools down, into your mouth.  If you don't know how to load your iPod with songs that you got like your "Pac Man Fever" cassette. Get out your old Walkman. And return the iPod for someone more capable. If you want to buy a PossiblyWillPlay (TM) player and load it with songs you can only find on the iTunes store burn them on CD in audio format, after all you own a copy of the music, then use your Windows Media this or that to import the CD. As long as you bought the music you probably won't be reported to the RIAA for putting your Pat Boone iTunes original collection on your iWinKyoob player.  And to Adam, anyone can put their music on iTunes, even Purple Grandma Deathkill Emo, and apparently keep every penny of the sale from their "Knitting with Satan" EP. See this on Digg   Ok Ok, I'm sort of a fanboy and this is mostly a rant, but more importantly I believe that when you dumb stuff down for the least common denominator, everything starts to suck. -Hey world, someone come up with a cooler idea for music distribution and delivery format and I'll buy it. And in the meantime please keep the whining to a minimum.   Posted by ian Johnson on Tuesday, February 7 2006 at 2:50 pm    iDJ says:  Didn't `WE' choose for iPod and iTunes? Aren't `WE' the millions of people that made the same choice? Didn't `WE' kill the the `others'.  Apple made something that WE love, because of the looks, the feel and it's easy to use too.  That's what WE want and WE made this monopoly!   `WE control iPod'   Posted by iDJ on Tuesday, February 7 2006 at 4:07 pm    Jason says:  "For example, you can?buy music on Microsoft?Music Store and play them on your iPod or within iTunes (not easily, not legally). But that?not Apple?fault."   Actually, that IS Apple's fault. They won't allow iPods to play any DRM'd music but their own through the iTMS. And when anyone has tried to make their alternate legal service work with an iPod (like Real), they got sued by Apple.   The iPod is technically capable of supporting WMA and the associated DRM. The portalplayer platform they're all built on is used in other players that do. Similarly, other players could be made to work with Apple's FairPlay DRM - there's no technical hurdle, it is only that Apple refuses to license it.   Long story short: Apple holds the keys here and it is only their decisions that prevent interoperability (with either players or music stores).   Posted by Jason on Wednesday, February 8 2006 at 10:25 am    Fred Winston says:  Nope, Jason. That's not it. It's still not Apple's fault that Windows media audio, even with DRM, won't play on iTunes. It's the DRM from Microsoft that's at fault. Not Apple. It's not an Apple licensing issue that other DRM'ed music won't play in iTunes. It's the fault of those that have proprietary DRM. The defacto standard for DRM is, of course, FairPlay. From Apple.   Posted by Fred Winston on Wednesday, February 8 2006 at 11:25 am    adam says:  Fred -  it's equally the fault of apple that music bought from iTunes won't play on other non-apple devices.   defacto doesn't mean anything in this context.   Posted by adam on Wednesday, February 8 2006 at 12:10 pm    Kai Cherry says:  Wow. That's all I can say here...after being `hung up on' by a fellow Mac user for picking `the wrong side' in this non-debate. The fact is, it feels good to be on top, some of us have a deep `love' for Apple.   But love is often blind. Apple has an effective monopoly on the Online Digital Music (and soon, probably video) market. This is a fact.   Apple has an *overwhelming* market share of the Hard Disk digital player market...and likely the flash market too. All of this in about 4 years time...from nowhere. Sound familiar?   Alone, these two things are perfectly alright. But the vertical integration in these two markets, and a lack of interoperability, and fairly aggressive tactics to break interoperability are a problem.   And let's not kid ourselves here: *Apple* benefits from this far more that the music rights holders. In the beginning, many, many large artists were not playing along, but the fact is, if you wanna move music online, there really isn't anywhere else to go.   What's really...weird...is that these same points people are using to defend Apple's position are the same one's Microsoft proponents were using. The difference is, by the time anyone stepped in to do anything about it, it was far too late. Everyone lost.   This is an emerging market. You can argue up one side and down the other about inferior competitive products or whatever, but if someone made a music store that sold songs for a nickel less per, worked with iPod/iTunes, and still had DRM...there would be more places to shop.   Or what of the higher quality audio and video people clamor for? Not gonna happen.   As well, if other folks stores could sell players that could play Fairplay DRM music (and lets be honest...this `they can sell in mp3' is a strawman; no Major Content Provider is licensing non-DRM music/video...stay with reality) then there might be room for some new emerging and compelling players out there.   The likely remedy here tho would be that Apple would have to adopt or support another technology; the burden would be on them to interoperate with the rest of the market. And that market uses Helix or WMA DRM.   As it stands, there is a wall there, and there is no way to penetrate it. Think about 5, 10 years from now. What if somehow, Apple was bought, or was no longer "the Apple that we love".   If it were *any other company* would this be "ok"? Seems to me that when it was, it wasn't. All I'm sayin'   Posted by Kai Cherry on Thursday, February 9 2006 at 12:49 am    John says:  Just a thought, but one can turn around and, looking the other way note that tunes bought from Steve only play on (portably) an iPod. That's more of a tie that binds....   Posted by John on Thursday, February 9 2006 at 1:56 am    

- to anyone thinking of buying this ipod i would suggest otherwise this is the only ipod i have ever owned so i can not generalize and say that all ipods lack good qualitybut, this does. I had by ipod for no even a year (and took good care of it, not dropping it, carrying it in a protective case) and it died. Just randomly died one day the ipod with the sad face and the exclamation point came up. So thank God i had a warrenty, i got it replaced for free. Everything was great i got it replaced in July 2006, it is now October 2006, and the new one died yesterday. Same thing as the last a "hardware problem". However, now my warrenty is up so in order to get it repaired, i will be charged, and im sure by december it wil have broken again. That is not a chance i am willing to take. As of now i have promised myself to never again purchase a ipod. I am now lookin to purchase either a Philips 30gb mp3 player or a Zen mp3 player, hopefully i will have better luck with either one.  if you purchase this item, good luck =]  

+ This is my third iPod, and just like the one's before it, it has delivered consistent performance and high quality sound. The iPod is a great looking player and the color screen adds a wonderful dimension for viewing photos and album art. I never have to worry about developing or printing photos anymore; instead I load them onto my iPod to share with friends and family (it's a lot easier than carrying around a photo album).  I've owned this particular player for a over a year now, and have never had any technical problems with it. I used to use it on a Windows computer before making the switch to a Mac, and I experienced seamless integration with both operating systems. It is very, very easy to put music on it with iTunes. The iPod has the most simple, easy to use user interface of any music player on the market, and the click-wheel makes navigating menus, photos, and music effortless.  Another important point is sound quality. I have listened to my iPod through ear-bud headphones (included Apple ear buds), in-ear headphones (Ultimate Ears), over-the-ear studio headphones (Sony DJ Headphones), and desktop speakers (Klipsch 2.1 Multimedia Speakers). No matter what the medium the iPod delivers consistent, quality sound, even at high volumes, with minimal distortion. The entire frequency range is heard through the iPod, which is particularly important to me.  There is a reason the iPod has taken off in the past few years, it consistently delivers great sound and features through an elegant and intuitive interface.  

+ With the capacity to hold 5,000 songs or 20,000 photos, or any combination of the two, I don't know if I will ever be able to use all the memory I have available to me.  

+ Thank you for the great product and timely shipping. Great business and very responsive.  

+ excellent product, only had it for a couple of days tough (Ipod Video released and had to get one :p )  

- I have an iPod Photo that I got before the Video came out. I woudl definetly splurge the extra money to get a video. The Photo is clumky and has a very small screen. It is hard to find hardware and accessories for it because they don't make it anymore. I would definetely advise to NOT buy this product. Used ones can be good if they come at a good price. But I would not buy it for full price.   

+ The 20GB Photo Ipod uses a superb audio computer chip that surpasses the current IPOD classic model and previous IPOD video models.  The bottom line is that I previously owned  The 5th generation 30GB video for 18 months. I replaced it with the 4th generation 20GB photo IPOD it sounds better in my car and on my bose digital sound dock. I purchase an MP3 player for sound quality not looks. Hopefully apple will improve the audio computer chip for the current IPOD models. Until then if you want CD quality sound you cannot go wrong with the 4th generation 20GB photo IPOD.  

- I'd give this latest ipod less than one star if I could.  I've had two in the last week and they've both been pieces of crap.  The first one worked fine for a few days before it just wouldn't turn on one day.  This was about three days into it.  Thankfully Target took it back with no hassles and gave me a replacement.  I figured I'd just gotten a dud.  I mean hey...it happens with even the best brands.  I got it home, loaded it with music and again it played fine for a day or two.  The first time I went to charge it after the initial charge before I ever played it, it froze.  I unplugged it from the charger and it was frozen on the select language screen with the LCD lit up, which won't go off until the battery dies I guess.  Here's hoping Target is as cool about taking this one back.  I defintely won't be getting one of the same kind.  Maybe I'll pay a little more and get one up, or even better my money back.    I think it's because this is the first generation of the affordable color display.  Apple defintely has some bugs to work out of this sucker.  My first ipod still plays great so I think it's just this particular model.  Still, what a disapointment and a hassle.    

+ This is the new iPod but now it comes standard with a color screen. The normal iPod's now come in a standard 20 gigabyte form and the high-capacity 60 gigabyte form. The 20GB holds 5,000 songs or 20,000 photos or 15,000 songs or 25,000 photos for the 60GB. This new iPod is a little bit larger than the original though, 4.1 x 2.4 x 0.63 inch weighing 5.9 ounces. But, they have upgraded the battery life from 12 hours to 15 hours, which is nice but I would like to see an iPod with a little more life. These are the supported audio formats: AAC (16 to 320 Kbps), Protected AAC (from iTunes Music Store), MP3 (16 to 320 Kbps), MP3 VBR, Audible (formats 2, 3, and 4), Apple Lossless, WAV, AIFF / Frequency response: 20Hz to 20,000Hz. Here are the supported photo display formats: Syncs iPod-viewable photos in JPEG, BMP, GIF, TIFF, PSD (Mac only) and PNG formats. The accessories that comes with this device include: USB 2.0 and Firewire 400 (with Firewire cable, sold separately), Composite Video (with AV cable, sold separately), and headphones. So all together this looks like a very good iPod. I'm probably not going to buy it though because I already have a 20GB monochrome screen iPod and I don't think I need another one with a color screen. But if you are a first time iPod buyer I would recommend this or if you need more room to store yours songs get the 60GB. It's a great deal and especially now you can't resist it (20GB iPod Photo now same price as old monochrome iPod, $299.99)  

+ I use this with my iMac and it works perfectly. The iTunes software does everything for me and it's great. The new one has support for podcasting and photos from digital cameras with iPhoto. It also shows the image of the CD cover if you got the song from the iTunes Music Store (also easy!) I learned how to do everything in seconds! It's great not only for people who know a lot about computer but also for beginners.  

+ It's very handy and easy to use, the quality of the sound is awesome.  

+ It is awesome! It is pretty eas to use, but beware of some problems of not working perfect with windows. (which I have) other than that, it is the best mp3 player I have evr gotten (I have gotten 2 others) It can store text files, contacts, and all that stuff. Even though it's a music player, the four games are actually pretty fun! (brick/breakout, music quiz, parachute and solitare) I saved up for over a year to get one, and I dont regret it!  

+ Well!! Well!! Well guys. What we need is a sleek, perfectly designed, aesthetically pleasing, great sounding player for music. Thats what the latest iPod Photo is. Photos? thats a goodie. Well what I am trying to say is, you cant compare it to any other MP3 players in the market. iPod is in a league of its own.  A device that does one thing perfectly and for long, is what we need. Offcourse we could have a camera on it, a voice recorder may be, AM/FM ow thats a must!!, Cell phone? Make it an organizer....How about a microwave? Yea Rrright... I have played with most of them.....iRiver, Zen, Sony...The all in one paradigm of thought, eventually leaves us with none in one. Being a hardware designer myself, I wouldnt buy an all in one device. Take the iPod in your hand look at it, play it, use it...you will realize that this was created by a buncha cool dudes with passion for design, looks & music. They certainly had problems in their earlier versions. This device shows that they really have made an effort to overcome them to please you. Not merely make it a 'throw in more' competition. I think I see a remarkable betterment in the quality and fedility of the music output. A 20G can hold a lot of songs in its stomach. I wouldnt use it for file storage because you can assemble a 100GB pocket disk that requires no battery, power or recharging for $150. So, I wouldnt go for more than 20GB iPod. No wonder it is so popular.   So, Go for it!! You'll enjoy it.   

+ This is a great product. It's the new and improved iPod 20 GB, same price ($300). Runs up to fifteen hours, which means I can listen to it a few hours a day and charge it every three or four days. Things you'll probably need for this product:  1. A case. Definitely. It could fall or get dirty quite easily.  2. If you like to go for rides on bike, or drive a lot, you'll need a remote control. You can easily and quickly push the buttons to skip or go back to a song.  3. A recorder. If you attend a lecture, or if you're still in school, you can easily record stuff and go back to it. I bought iTalk. Crystal clear, and good. But make sure your earphones are out when you record stuff.  I like playing games in color (the four games: bricks, solitaire, parachute, and music quiz. In music quiz, you try to identify songs that you already have stored on your iPod), and being able to put the album pictures on my iPod. Plus, I can put photos on my iPod and look at them wherever (as long as I have my iPod with me.) If I go on a trip with my camera, and run out of space, I can quickly put the photos on my iPod and then take more pictures. I can take up to 20,000 pictures, so space is not a problem at all (up to 5,000 songs). Plus, I can also put a slideshow on. The scroll wheel is easy to use, although not at first. If I put my iPod in my backpack, there is a "lock" button at the top, so that even when the buttons are pressed, nothing will happen. Volume control is easy.  This product is great; I reccomend it to anyone who wants an iPod.   

+ The color iPod is the best electronic item I have owned so far... and I've owned a lot. To summarize:  - The Click-wheel is awesome, simple and superb to use - The color screen is great, clear and bright - The sound quality is quite good, though the headphones could handle bass better - iTunes is equally simple to start with, has good enough capabilities. Handling audiobooks is slightly counter-intuitive - The battery life is close to what's reported, though using the backlight and skipping through songs drains it significantly - One capability I seriosly miss in the iPod is song search capability. That would be the icing on the cake.  So far, soooo good. Can't have enough!   

- Make sure you figure the cost of the protection plan when determining whether the iPod is a good deal or not.  Mine failed two weeks after the warranty expired.  My options?  Send them the failed iPod and $255 + tax and they send me a used or refurbished model with a 90 day warranty.  Basically they just want you to buy a new one.  Had I known that up front, I would have passed or at least made sure I bought the protection plan.  I got exactly 1 year out of mine and now it would cost me more to have it serviced than to buy a new one, so it is completely worthless.  

+ Honest came very fast. Has alot of space. Perfect no damage in good condition.  

+ so when i bough this ipod nano. i called in to mack sure it is what im getting like there was a case pichtured in it and im like wow this is a great deal for the price the rep said that it would be coming with a case so i bought it and when it came i opened it and it had marks on the sceen and everything. it did not come with the case that was saposed to come with it i call them and i said whats the deal with the case and they were like it does not come with the case and i said why is it pichtured then there like to sell more so im like so ur cheating people to buy it thinkgin its going to come with a case. so i told them i want a case since it was in the photos. so they eneded up sending me a i pod case that doesnot even fit my ipod nano. they said they had shiped it and when i got it it was shiped a week later so they are just scammers trying to get your money so make sure you call them and make sure everything pichtured comes with it!  

+ The nano is in beat up condition but it is USED. Very fast shipping and I couldn't have asked for a smoother transaction. Thanks.  

+ I have a shuffle and got an Nano for my children.  This product was refurbished and an older generation but this is what I wanted as my children are younger.  I didn't want to spend too much money on something that would likely be dropped dozens of times or even lost.  Love the iPod, easy to use, easy to sync.  Wish I had gotten one capable of playing videos but won't send it back because of that.  Product was shipped on time and arrived in stated condition.  No complaints.  

+ Whats good about the I-pod nano is that its so small. You can fit it in your pocket with a slide. (unlike the big one witch you need a case for) I have been doing some research and i have found the i-pod nano is the best 1gb (2gb or 4gb) mp3 player. The mini has no color,the others are very expensive and arn't that portable as the nano. This is a great MP3 player to carry around. I recomend you buy it.  

+ Got this for a birthday gift and it may be the best gift that I have even received.  It is incredibly easy to use and the sound is AMAZING!!! iTunes has been pretty simple to set up and purchasing songs is a little too easy...its hard to not get too carried away.  I am so excited that I found singles that I couldn't find on Napster.  The only sad thing is that I have a lot of purchased Napster tracks that I couldn't automatically transfer into iTunes.  I will try to burn them onto CDs and then import them into iTunes.  I definitely recommend the Nano for any music lover.  

+ I had a rio, this is soooo much better, much easier to use and sounds great. I highly recommend it.  

+ The iPod with just one GB so what about the size, what I have read on the reviews seems that the nano is awesome and I got one the other day on apple and I got an engraving and I put (I have a rich uncle who loves me) so I think instead of shopping HERE for a iPod nano go to apple to get an engraving!  

+ Just got my mine in the mail from Amazon.com, plugged it in for a battery charge, loaded all of my favorite songs at the same time. And now, I am listening to each one of them. The quality of the sound is very clear and loud if you wish it that way. It's got a shuffle functionality which works perfectly if you go to the gym and don't want to listen to only one album. The little device is so light too. I mean. 5 stars is well deserved for it. Lastly, the 14 hours of battery is true. :) Enjoy!  

- Save your money. I bought this for my husband for Christmas and it quit working 3 weeks later. First it started turning off for no reason, we changed the batteries, no better. Now it won't turn on and stay on for longer than 2 seconds. What a piece of crap!!!!!!!! Zero stars.  

- We expected this item to be at least as good as the older Creative MuVo TX we've had for over a year, but we were wrong. The cheap plastic on this Creative Nano MP3 player leads to two drawbacks we experienced within the first 3 weeks we owned it: 1) The tiny plastic clip that holds the battery cover in place easily breaks off, and it takes weeks to get a replacement cover from Creative. 2) Even when it's inside the plastic case (which you have to buy separately), the unit turns off, loses its settings, or forgets what song it was playing when it experiences light impact, such as dropping 3 inches onto a table.   We never had any of these problems with other MP3 players we've had for over a year.  The Creative MuVo TX is a much sturdier product, and it even has a better cover.  This product was a waste of my money.  It gets 2 stars because the software is very easy to use.  

- When I was shopping for our kids x-mas presents here on Amazon I thought an inexpensive MP3 player would fit the bill. Checking out the literature and reviews nothing indicated there would be compatiblity problems with Apple products. We purchased two Zen nanos only to find out the ugly truth, not only do MP3 players work only with Microsoft products, only ipods work with Apple products.    

- My Zen Nano's battery cover broke within 1 month of purchase date. The construction is very flimsy, and if you do your research before purchasing you will find that this is not an uncommon problem. I wish I would have researched a little more before I spent my money on it! :-(  I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone.     

- I agree with Lewis...but lets be accurate.  The battery backing doesn't actually brake.  It just falls off when you least expect it, and it's so small, you don't feel it, so there's no telling where the cover lands.  Going thru Creative is a JOKE!  I already got a free battery cover replacement, but within a month, THAT fell off too!  I contacted Creative, and they said it's going to cost this time.  Now, I'm expected to pay approximately $20 to get another cover (with shipping)!  I told them that this is NOT an uncommon problem, and directed them to several different sites that discuss this problem (with still no solution), and that's where the conversation ended.  I REALLY wish I hadn't bought this one.  I guess I should have done my research, but I purchased it when it first came out, so it wouldn't have done any good.  What a joke!  Stay away from this product, unless you want to lose battery covers and batteries over and over.  That becomes expensive, especially if you are taking the economical way and using rechargable batteries!  STAY AWAY!  AVOID!  

- The Creative Nano sucks. 4 hrs and 2 calls to tech suppoert and the unit still will not be recognized by my computer. One of the Tech support help points was to use one of the USB ports on the BACK of the computer rather than the front (not in the instructions). They say that the ports on the back of computers are more capable that those on the front (?). I asked them why they would design a device - with a 6 inch cable - that required you to crawl under your desk to plug it in each time, when there is a perfectly good port (that works for every other plug-in device I have) on the front? All I got was a sheepish, 'yeah, I know' from the techie. Still did not work on the rear port. Then they wanted me to go in and do some monkey work with the computer's register. Forget it. It goes back. It's like buying a radio for your car and then being told you need to work on the transmission to get the radio to turn on. What a piece of crap.  Amazon should have an option to rate '0 stars'.  

- Bought for my wife and haven't seen it in along time.  Even my son doesn't want to mess with it.  

- I paid $99 for this player but it worked for less than five months. Then suddenly stopped registering that there were any recorded tracks. FM radio still worked fine -- until customer support instructed me to install updated firmware. Then it became completely nonfunctional and the computer won't even recognize that a player is attached. Customer service takes no responsibility so I'm left with nothing for my money. I should have returned it early on when I called customer support with a set-up question and they claimed that the device doesn't support downloaded radio shows (something it did easily once I figured it out, until it completely stopped working). Don't buy this product and if you have one don't trust anything customer service has to say.  

- I was looking for a small cheap Mp3 player and I didn't care how much memory it had so this seemed perfect for me. I saw that many people had rated this 4 and 5 stars so I decided to buy it. When I got the Creative nano I was really happy with its preformance until I tried to put my subscription music onto it. Thats when I learned that it wouldn't hold any subscription music forcing me to buy my music one by one which is costing a lot of money.  After that I started realising all of its imperfections. You can't use the FM radio in the car without hearing mostly static. You can't search through songs without actually changing the song you are listening to. Don't get me wrong, there are some good sides to this Mp3 player but I still would definately not recommend it.  

- I have two Creative Zen Nano Plus MP3 Players. One I use just for my metal music and one for old rock and country songs. The player worked for awhile just fine. After a few months, the player turned into crap. Every song on the player was deleted and I tried to turn it on, but it refuses to turn on. I tried to find an answer on Creatives website but I couldnt get an answer and I couldnt email the company. While my other MP3 player works just fine, this player I bought sucks. A waste of money.   

- AFTER DOING ALOT OF RESEARCH I CHOSE THE NANO THINKING I WAS PURCHASING THE BEST....BIG MISTAKE!! ABOUT 10-12 HOURS OF MUSIC WAS ALL I GOT BEFORE IT FROZE UP & DISPLAYED THE DREADED "FILE SYSTEM ERROR" MESSAGE!!  I WON'T EVEN GO INTO THE CUSTOMER SERVICE "EMAIL TWO STEP" I EXPERIENCED (DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME WAITING FOR SOMEONE TO ANSWER THE CUSTOMER SERVICE LAND LINE)....ALL THAT'S IMPORTANT IS THAT NONE OF THIS SHOULD EVER HAVE HAPPENED IN THE FIRST PLACE...CREATIVE LABS OBVIOUSLY HAS SOME SERIOUS QUALITY CONTROL ISSUES!  THIS IS AN INFERIOR PRODUCT, FOLKS (I SEE THAT OTHER REVIEWERS HAVE HAD THE SAME EXPERIENCE & OPINION), & IF CREATIVE LABS HAD ANY INTEGRITY AT ALL WHERE THEIR PRODUCT & THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE WERE CONCERNED IT WOULD HAVE BEEN REPLACED PRONTO....INSTEAD I SIT HERE WITH A USELESS PIECE OF ELECTRONIC JUNK.  THINK TWICE, FOLKS, & THEN HEAD FOR A DIFFERENT BRAND!    

- This player is a bad product all around. The battery cover broke after just 2 wks. Also, it only holds about 100 songs. The customer service is a total hassel, and very unhelpful. Now, no matter how many songs I take off of it, I can't get it to download any more. You are better off just getiing an Ilo or Lyra.  

- I bought this mp3 player for my daughter and it stopped working less than 5 months later.  Creative labs customer service is bad terrible.  My unit boots up and when I touch any button it shuts down.  I tried firmware upgrades as suggested by creative, but the same problem exists.  I have bought Iriver and Sandisk players for the other kids..... they all still work.  Look for anything but CREATIVE!!!  

- Read it carefully.  DO NOT BUY THIS JUNK.  DO NOT EVER!!  I usually do not get to write a review for anything.  I am a "I do not bother to write a review" kind of a person.  For this one though, I wanna make sure I write one, so that there will be no more victims out there suffering w/ this junk & its bad bad horrible customer service.  First of all, the stupid earpieces hurt my ears every time I wear, ok, that's fine, whatever.  Few weeks after the purchase, the battery cover breaks apart, ok, I will tape it, that's fine as long as I can still listen to my music.  Just within 2 and a half months of the purchase, one morning, it just stops working.  It shuts down every time I try to turn on the power, and later, it completely stops working.  I get upset and go to their website, they only take e-mails.  I call other departments, and finally gets the number, but I would have to pay 12 bucks to solve it on the phone??????  WTH!!!  I am still sitting on my desk, waiting for my e-mail response.  Thankfully one of the reviewers here has noted some solutions here, so I am gonna try that.  Much better than paying another 12 bucks for this junk.  Just don't buy it.  Do not bother to buy any of Creative Labs products.  I am about to file a complaint w/ BBB actually.  

- Well first of all it hurts my ears whenever I listened to it, which was annoying, and they kept falling out of my ears! Then the battery cover fell off 4 weeks after using it. So I taped it back on but then it got all dirty. Then, I took it to school one day, for the end of the day because I walk home, and it started playing during class! And it was in my purse without anything touching it. I would suggest getting a regular ipod mini.  

- Please read J. Song "Over26"'s review below.  The same thing happend to my player.  It just stopped working after a couple months.  I tossed it out and got a 2GB SanDisk.  Don't buy this player.  

- I was excited when I got it, then a few weeks later, its just collecting dust on my desk.  Just get a regular ipod, so it can hold more songs, and it will work better.  Also, the back of the zen falls off, and I can't get it back on without taping it.  Also, when I try putting new songs on it, it deletes the other ones!!! This really gets me ticked off, because then I have to delete every song on the list and re-download them all on the same playlist. This is complete junk. I only did 2 stars because it worked for 3 weeks. Now it just doesn't work, even with a new battery.  Yes, it may be very small and it only costs 50 bucks, but its not even worth 50 bucks!! I rather buy 50 bucks worth of Paris Hilton's albums, and listen to it all day!!! (very bad)  

- Bought this one a few months ago. Soon after started having problems, trying to add songs to the hard drive, it says that the HD is full, even though I only have 1 song on the HD. THen it just completely shut off and I cant turn it on now. Piece of junk, dont buy this!!  

- I went to Circuit City with my dad to buy this MP3 player after my older sister recieved one for Christmas. When I was researching the quality of this product, some of the reviews were not pleasing, but I'm sorry to say I actually went out and bought it. And I'm also sorry to say this review will not be very pleasing either. The exterior casing of the Creative Zen Nano Plus is merely cheap plastic -- flimsy and pathetic next to the iPod nano 2nd Generation's aluminum casing. Scratch marks and scuff marks show up easily and I'm guessing that the curved part that comes off to allow you to change the battery would also break easily if stepped on, etc. The positively worst part of this MP3 player are the earbuds, which fall out if you barely touch the wiring. In order to keep the earbuds in place I have to stick them into my ears at an odd angle which makes even Sound Level 1 too loud to hear someone speak in an "indoor voice". Sadly, there's more: the backlight doesn't stay on long enough to allow you light to see which song is playing, how long it's been playing, etc. There is a "backlight" section in the "Settings", but the longest it can stay illuminated is only 15 seconds. Also, when skipping tracks, you use the same button to scan within a song, making it much harder to scan within the song than skip tracks. Another disappointment is that two of the CDs I tried to load onto this MP3 player weren't read as "being there", although they work fine when I listen to them on my WalkMan, DVD player, computer, etc. Luckily, I've had this player for about nine months, but it's still going strong, most likely because of the fact that it runs on a single AAA battery. This does get most annoying after awhile though, having to change batteries every two to three weeks, or whatever, depending on how often you listen to this. From the reviews on  this site, I'm most likely going to purchase an iPod nano 2 GB for my next Christmas. So although it's around $90 more, I'm hoping it'll be worth the extra money to have an MP3 player I'm not complaining about all the time.  

- Low quality, and poor product support from Creative.  Very disappointed with this product.  It worked for about 6 months of light use, then quit working (turned off or wouldn't turn on at all).  Creative tech support recommended downloading new driver, but this didn't help.  So I was going to send it in because it is still under warranty.  However, they require a non-refundable $25 "diagnostic and handling" fee just to send it in (plus I pay shipping), and there may or may not be additional charges for labor.  This doesn't make sense given the value of the player, so the warranty is basically useless.  I expressed my dissatisfaction and they suggested that next time I buy their enhanced warranty.  I think next time I probably just won't buy a Creative product.    

- This item has a lot of flaws, the only reason I got it was the price was quite less and it was a nice techy stocking stuffer of sorts. I have listed some of the issues i have seen with this product here:  1. Battery case - this is a flimsy piece of plastic and the finger that enables the cover to click shut will break with the slightest pressue. I totally agree with the other people who commented on this issue. Yes you can prevent it from breaking if you are willing to spend 5-10 minutes to slowly change the batteries but once you tend to hurry up with this process the end is inevitable!  2. Power off - the power off si the same as play or power on. If you want to power it off you got to press until you see the unit display switch off else it will stay powered on and playing and drain the battery or probably if in recording more might use up your entire storage space.   3. Chord - comes with  chord to hang the unit around the neck while listening to stuff but unfortunately just like the battery case, the groove on the unit into which you are supposed to slip the chord and fasten it, is flimsy as well. It might break off if you have it caught somewhere and try to pull it free instead of patiently working it.  4. UI is bad - the IPOD click wheel is very simple and so is the Zune UI. This one is simple cos there is just one way to use it but its not easy to use.   Go for a IPOD Nano if you will. This one is not worth the investment.  

- I want to give this product a zero rating! Within one month of purchase, the battery lid got broken and I could not put it back. I made a phone call to creative and was told that the battery was NOT covered in warranty. The replacement would cost me $4.9 plus shipping and package with totals around 30. I argured with the CSR and they just rudely hang off the phone. I will never ever buy a creative product again. Guys, if you want to waste your money and be treated rudely, do not hesitate. Otherwise, choose a more honorabl brand!  

- I wanted to love my Pepper Pad; but after two weeks of making excuses for its flaws, I returned it.   First the good: The size and weight are terrific. It's comfortable to hold, whether sitting on a sofa or lying in bed. The built in stand is well designed, allowing me to connect the pad to a Bluetooth keyboard and mouse at my desk. The user interface is clever and intuitive. There's no need to refer to the  manual to operate most of the applications. The browser is especially good, incorporating Mozilla's tab capabilities without cluttering the screen with too many menus and buttons. The synchronization with a desktop computer is a plus. I downloaded the Pepper Desktop software, surfed to my favorite sites and bookmarked them in the desktop application and then synced the desktop with the Pepper Pad. Transferring photos and music from the desktop to the Pad was also very easy.   Now the bad: Wi-fi performance is marginal. I have a 802.11g Linksys router that establishes excellent or very good connections with my laptop and desktops in all corners of my house. In some of the same locations, I couldn't connect the Pad. Even in spots where the connection with the Pad was strong, the auto-connect feature was flaky. Sometimes the Pad would say it was connected to the router, but then it would disconnect saying it could not get an IP address from the router. This happened even when I was in the same room with the router. To address this issue, I used the wi-fi config on the Pad to assign the Pad a fixed IP address. But every time I turned the pad off and restarted, it would revert to the dynamic IP setting and my fixed address was lost. I contacted customer support about this, was told I would get an email back, but I never heard from them.   The email application is disappointing. You can only have one POP or IMAP account. Many (if not most) people in Pepper's target audience have multiple email accounts -- one for home, another for work. I can't imagine why Pepper released the Pad with such a limited email application.   The screen size is decent, but it's not as sharp as I would have liked.  It's slow. Browser page load times were noticeably longer on the Pad, compared to all of the other computers on my network -- even when running the pad in the same room as the router.   The Pad has lots of little bugs. In the two weeks I had it, the Pad crashed and restarted four or five times for reasons I could not fathom. Twice, after being fully charged, the power meter continued to report that the battery was critically low (I had to reboot the Pad to get the correct power reading). Same with the wi-fi connection. Sometimes when connected, the "not connected" icon appeared. Again, rebooting solved that problem.   I purchased the Pad because I wanted a small, affordable Internet device that I could take from room to room and read in bed. At $850, the Pad seemed pricey to me, but the under-$1,000 Tablet PCs had gotten bad reviews, and the market had few other alternatives. There's been lots of buzz about other devices -- such as the $350 Nokia 770. But none had reached the market. When Pepper began to ship, it was the best option available. But as I struggled with Pepper's flaws, I found myself rationalizing the purchase and making excuses for the machine, rather than relishing it. "I can live with these flaws," I kept telling myself. "Because Pepper is the only game in town." But then I began to search for other options. The Nokia 770 has begun to ship and is getting good reviews. Advueu has improved its $950, 2.5-pound tablet PC. There are other options, and more on the way. Again, if Pepper was half the price, I might have stuck with it. But when it's more than twice as much as Nokia's Internet device and barely less than a Tablet PC that can do 10-times as much, it seems foolish to stick with a machine that I'm barely tolerating. I don't know if the Nokia and Advueu machines are the ones to buy. But I suspect the market will have plenty of options soon. Pepper needs to beef up its offering (and perhaps reduce its price) to compete.   

- Best price is a come on.  Standard bate and switch   Lowest price is no longer available BUT we can get you one at the highest price.      Not my idea of a way to do business.   But then each his own.  I will not be shopping here.     

- This computer is one of the worst items I've ever had (I took it back in the first week of using it)  It has a horrible screen  AIM doesnt work at all  Internet Browser is soooooooooooooo slow  DON'T BUY IT!  

- I bought this item in april during a promotion for my brothers graduation thinking it would make a perfect gift for him since he always loathes the heavy laptops. The item is lightweight and ultra portable. full marks here to it. BUT!! THATS ABOUT IT! BESIDES THAT THIS ITEM IS A PIECE OF CRAPPP.   THE KEYS ARE DAMN FRIGGIN HARD TO PRESS. PROCESSOR IS ULTRA-SLOW. I COULD MAKE A CUP OF CAPPUCCINO WHILE IT OPENED THE BROWSER. THE DARN THING KEPT OF HANGING EVERY 5-10 MINS. THE BATTERY LIFE IS LESS THAN AN HOUR AFTER FULL CHARGE. I MUST HV RESTARTED IT A ZILLION TIMES IN 2 DAYS AND THEN GAVE UP. IT WOULD NOT PLAY ONLINE MUSIC COS THE COMPANY DID NOT ADD CODECS IN THE SOFTWARE. SOLD IT ON EBAY FOR 50 BUCKS LESS. THANK GOD DIDNT GIFT IT MY BRO OR WUD HV GOTTEN A A** KICKING OF A LIFETIME.  

- This product did not work from the beginning and I sent it back and bought my son and husband Sandisk MP3 players and they found them very easy to use and I plan on buying another one for my other son.   

- I bought one a couple of weeks ago on amazon and got a very very bad experience with creative zen nano. I had one sandisk e240 before and I have been using it for more than 6 months and I got no problem with it at all. It still looks like brand-new. Since my wife wants to have one mp3, I though we should try a different brand and then bought one creative zen nano. Nighmare follows. Zen nano is really like a small cheap gadget. The cons from my experience are 1) The battery cover broke within only two weeks.  2) The surface is easily scratchable.  3) No sleep timer included. 4) The lock function is build-in within the software, instead of a direct mechnical switch like in Sandisk. 5) The LCD window is too small. 6) The sound of pressing buttons is too loud and sounds like cheap toys.  A lot of people mention that the custom service of creative is very bad. This is not case for sandisk. The first mp3 I have is sandisk 1gb mp3 player (not e240 series). The firmware brokes once; I just send it back to sandisk and got replacement within 2 weeks without paying any fees. Although both brands are made in China, Sandisk obvisouly has much better design and quality control.  

- I recently purchased one and the first one would not turn on even though we changed the batteries a few different times. We exchanged that one for another one thinking it was just faulty. The next one allowed us to turn it on and even put A song on it. When we went to put more songs on it the computer would not recognize it. We persisted, we tried uninstalling and reinstalling the programs and reseting the computer but it just wouldnt work. We also returned that one. Dont buy this product. the user's guide is worth nothing and costumer service doesnt make sense. Even though this product seems to be a great deal dont buy it. Go for something from a company you already trust.  

- Recently purchased this item through Amazon Marketplace and I am stuck with something that doesn't work...I own the 512 mb version of this model and have used it for over a year without an issue...only use it for running because it is so small and clips easily to my waistband...this model has given me nothing but trouble since I took it out of the box 4 days ago...customer support has been a joke...if they tell me to download the firmware one more time....did it and still not working...won't play past the third song without shutting down or simply just stops playing any music at all...won't shuffle..keeps going back to the first song...waste of money.  Keep shopping for something else or just be sure that you can get your money back when it does not work properly!!!  

- I ordered the Creative Zen Nano Plus, and it was a bust. Amazon.com had fantastic customer support on the returns, but the Creative help team was nonexistent. You are put on hold and then disconnected. The players would not turn on, so you are stuck with no help from the maker, nor able to listen to music. I will stick with better quality products like an IPOD.  

- This looks good on paper but:  None of my three computers at home recognize it (XP home SP2, XP Pro SP2) so I can't transfer files. I've tried installing CREATIVE's software but their software nor WMP 10 recognize this.   Play for Sure? Not in the least.  Check out the website? Not much help there. A few things to try that don't work. Look at the manual? Not much there. They don't even tell you how to use anything more than the most basics. Call support? Well its a toll call and they are only open when I am at work (9-6 central time M-F). Looks to me that they don't really want to help their customers.  I am a fairly advanced computer user and I am very dissapointed. I've check the USB ports, used multiple computers, and check the web. Four hours and I still can't hear a single song.   Stay away from this one. Even if it works for you, supporting a company with such poor customer support is a bad idea. No more CREATIVE for me.  (OH, and it comes in one fo those packages you have to destroy to open to returning to AMAZON is not an option unless you accespt a partial refund.)  

- I purchased my Zen player with high hopes that were ultimately crushed by their technical support.  I am a pretty savvy, techno-geek but I met my match with the mp-3 player from Creative.  After experiencing set up problems, I contacted their tech. support.   I spoke to a friendly girl who seemed to be dazed by even the smallest technical problem which she was obviously enslaved to answer.  I asked to talk to a supervisor.  When I was told I would be contacted in 24 hours by a supervisor to clear the problem, I returned the product.  I never heard back from the girl's supervisor, nor was the problem ever resolved.  

- I owned my Zen Nano Plus for 13 months before it stopped working.  The LCD will still light up for a few seconds after I try to power up, then it shuts down.  My computer won't recognize it, so I can't update firmware.  Since I'm 13 months out, I can't get any support from Creative, except for paying $13.  I'm going to buy a different, cheaper brand.  I dont expect things to last forever, but 13 months?  C'mon.  

- I owned this device for 5 months and it just stopped working... I went though all the proper channels for repair and was told they want at least $25.00 to "work" on my warranty repair. It turns out only parts are covered for a year and labor only for 3 months. This is NOT what I call standing behind your product.  DON'T BUY CREATIVE PRODUCTS! Not only are they poorly made, but Creative knows this and doesn't stand behind their own products.   

- ive had this MP3 play for about a year. in the begining it was ok for the price but since then the sound on it has been completely shot, the battery door has broken twice and gotten lost, and it can now be split in half. only suggested for short term use.  

- This MP3 player has severe mechanical deficiencies.    It's so cute, and I wish it worked better than it does!  Everyone else I know who has one advised me not to buy it, because their Zen Nano Plus developed problems quickly.    But it was just so adorable-- I couldn't resist.  Retrospectively, I wish that I had not purchased it.  As a poor college student, my money would certainly have been better spent on a more reliable MP3 player.  I'd like to explain the difficulties I experienced, because they seem to be representative of the problems everyone else has had.   Perhaps this won't happen to everyone who buys one, but I don't think the odds are looking favorable for its reputation.    The Zen Nano Plus 1GB worked perfectly for the first few months of use.  It was lightweight, convenient, cute, and had alright sound. I never dropped it, nor did it incur any abuse.  It lead a nice, soft, life in my purse.  (1)  After two months, the LCD screen started getting a bunch of lines through the text on the screen-- so much so that I couldn't read what song was being played.  It never was the same again.  I could deal with that though, since I only use it when I'm at work or walking around with headphones.  (2)   A few weeks after the problem with the LCD screen, the battery indicator stopped working.  I kept changing batteries, because it always said there was no battery life left.  It was a little annoying, but I learned to live with it.  (3)   Another two months went by, and despite the cosmetic problems with the LCD screen, the player itself worked great.  But then, the songs started to be garbled-- as if there was too much bass in them.  I tried it out on different speakers and headphones-- the songs always sounded the same-- distorted with too much bass.  The problem was corrected by simply starting the song over. I tried changing the sound settings, but it was evident that the problem was much bigger than that.   The severe distortion and garbling only happened every once in awhile, and I just learned to start a song over when it became distorted.  After another month, however, every single song was distorted all the time, and nothing would fix it.  The MP3 player was completely unusable.  I went to the Creative support site on the internet, and followed their directions: I updated the drivers and the firmware.  (4)   After I did that, the MP3 player stopped working altogether.  It wouldn't even turn on, or be recognized by my computer.  It's as if it's cold and dead now.  This is really what it seems like.  Creative can't be reached by phone-- and this was a little frustrating.  I've contacted Creative via email, and while they are more or less prompt in their responses, I'd like more immediate customer service.    And although my product is still under warranty, it looks as though it will be an expensive ($25) and lengthy process to get another.  I would advise against buying this MP3 player.  But if you can't resist the charm, buy some kind of an additional care package for it.  And again-- it really is a cute and portable device, and would be perfect if it didn't deteriorate so quickly.   And I'd like to mention one other ancillary critique of it:  the sound is very mediocre. There isn't much richness in tone-- everything seemed a little flat. This wasn't a huge problem for me, since my MP3 usage is solely recreational.  But I bought an expensive pair of headphones to use with it, and the MP3 player didn't do them justice.  I was surprised at how great my headphones sounded on others' MP3 players.  

- Bought this for the wife at christmas, loaded up around 1k songs quick enough, but some songs would suddenly just not play, eventually you wouldnt be able to play any and i would have to "recover" the drive (i.e. wipe it and re-sync the music). This happens like every week now.  Have emailed to IRIVER 3 times now over 10 day period. No reply. They provide no telephone number that i can find.  Going to try and return it to Amazon now, at least they give good customer service.  It may well be that i just have a bad drive, but Iriver dont seem to care about it.  

- Well, first off...I ordered this item in November, and got it in January.  They ended up sending me two and charging me twice.  The picture says it is red and black, but it is red and silver.  Which made me mad.  Then, it isn't even recognized on my windows system, so I download the hardware they ask me to, and it doesn't help.  Now I've had this IRIVER for about a week, and I haven't been able to get any songs on it.  I read the instructions, and it was not clear whatsoever.  It skipped around to different things and didn't stay on track like, "1. plug it in, 2. insert disk"  It would go from "1. plug it in, 2. FM radio keys"    It was hard to follow, and I have kept messaging tech support for www.iriveramerica.com.  They made me sign up for an "ebox" because they only would email me directly through their website, it kept going down, and the messages have trouble sending.  I have gotten one response from about 4 emails.  Now, I sit here with my iriver.  It has no songs, and it won't hook into my computer.  I tried recording some songs onto it through its recording mic...but I had a few bad recordings, and can't even figure out how to delete them.  I really wish I didn't buy this product.  It is not user friendly.  

- I am the unhappy owner of several H10's and initially there were no problems, but the closer they got to the end of the one-year warranty, the more problems they all started having.  Problems include freezing up for no apparent reason, scrolling in Chinese, and the most irritating is when the "system files are missing" and you have to reinstall the firmware and redownload ALL of your music.  The company doesn't believe in customer service - you can't get through on the phone and they take days to respond to email.  I have returned two because the hard drives crashed and it took 3-4 weeks to get them back, and then one of them crashed again as soon as I got all the music redownloaded and I had to return it and wait another 3 weeks.  I have a problem with one that has now gone out of warranty and iRiver told me they won't touch it and to look for a repair shop online.  So save yourself alot of headaches and time, not to mention money, and don't buy an H10 player.  

- Regretfully, I bought an H10 20GB some time ago.  Within the first couple months it died so I call iriver and made arrangements to send it back.  It took several weeks to get it back.  The one that came back was dead out of the box.  I spent about 3 days trying to reach iriver to send this one back.  The guy I spoke to told me that this item was seeing a lot of defects and returns.  That was about 1 month ago.  They said they sent a replacement - it never got here?  Now I cannot get any response from iriver.  I like to go to stores to see products then go to AMZN for the prices - iriver's stuff is not anywhere to be found in any of the major chain stores...  these guys are going out of the game....   

- In October 2006 my Iriver H10 died a couple of days before my warranty expired.  I contacted Iriver about it and did not get ANY technical support whatsoever.  You don't get a person when you call and the ebox wasn't helpful either.  Finally, after 2 months of being given the runaround, they said that they'd replace my H10.  I mailed it back to them in December 2006.  I then received an email stating that I should allow UP TO 3 weeks for my replacement to be shipped.  It is going on NINE weeks and I still have no player. In my ebox I received a message saying that they were sorry for the delay in my response, but that my case had been assigned to someone who is no longer with the company and was overlooked.  I was then instructed to call or email them and they would "look into the matter".  This company's customer service department is TERRIBLE.  I had liked my player alright before it died, but trying to get the matter resolved has definitely been the biggest hassle I've ever had in dealing with a company like this.    DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON ANY IRIVER PRODUCT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  

- I bought an iriver H10 20GB in Nov 2005.  It froze up and required resetting within the first week.  I returned it only to receive another one just like it the next month.  Neither unit ever worked when I wanted it to.  It constantly froze up and/or turned itself on (even in lock mode) only to run down the battery.  Most upsetting is that I spent $270 on an MP3 player that NEVER worked and then had to spend another $250 on an iPod this February.  Good news- the iPod has never failed!  DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON iRIVER PRODUCTS.  

- This mp3 player is a piece of junk. I bought it from amazon last christmas after reading all these good reviews about it. If you plan to transfer files from windows media player or napster to this device DON'T BUY IT. The firmware is sketchy and hard to download. I have had a problem with licensing on it. When i called the customer support for napster, they told me they had no clue what was wrong with it. The support from the iriver company was bad as well. The player is now collecting dust on my desk, and the music is slowly decaying somehow. I suggest you buy an Ipod and put hacked music on it or something, or take a chance and buy the Sandisk Sansa e270. It looks a lot better, but than again, so did the Iriver H10.   

- I received one from Amazon and it was defective out of the box. Would not charge. Returned it through Amazon's return process and received another one. Had that one for a little over a month and that was defective as well. Was no table to return it through Amazon's site because it was over the 30 day period. I called Amazon and they said they'd mail me a return slip so I could sent it back in. Two weeks went by and no slip. I called Amazon again and they gentleman said he had no record of them sending me a return slip. He said he's send one again. That was last week and still no slip. Right now I'm not happy with Iriver's product or Amazon's customer service.   

- I dont recommend to buy this item. It is getting hung frequently and i need to wait till the battey drain to restart the system. Some times i am not able to reset the system also. I replaced this item from Amazon and even the second item is also having the issue.  I am totally not satisfied with this product.  

- This thing looks good and sounds good --- everything else about it is poor. So far I've had two (the second was a factory swap out).  The second was only slightly better than the first. Battery life is short and the DC cable needed to power it in the car is not available and, (according to their official web site) won't be until October 2006. That is the top of the list then there is the issue of turning it self on without being touched.  I would sell mine in a heartbeat except I would feel guilty about ripping someone else off knowing what this thing really is... My feeling is that this is a fly by night outfit... My advise is to look elsewhere for a more reliable and better engineered product.   

- I had this a total of five days before it broke. I sent it in to be fixed. They sent it back a month later. It still didn't work and I have to send it back again. I think they are trying to outlast the three month warranty. You are better off paying a few more dollars for a more reliable player. This has been a total headache and a waste of money.  

- Sure this product worked well the first time i used it, i uploaded 1300 or so songs in a half an hour i was very impressed by it. Fast forward to the next time i try to sync music onto it. Im on day 2 of trying now and everytime i plug it into the usb port almost instantly the player freezes. The memory is about 1/4 of the way full and to say that im p.o.ed would be an understatement. Im never going to buy an iriver product again and if customer support cant provide me with an answer i will be returning this product very soon. For almost 200 dollars the quality of the product should be a little bit higher. Take pride in the products you make and dont expect the public to handle you providing faulty devices in mass quantity  

- I thought I was getting a deal when I purchased the iRiver H10 but I was terribly WRONG!!!  I bought my wife and ipod for her birthday (which is awesome) after I bought the iRiver. I will be getting an ipod very soon.  Problems - The battery life is only about 2 days.  Which would not be a problem if the battery indicator actually indicated when the battery is getting low...nope, the display shows full bars and then with no warning it just shuts off and displays a battery dead sign.  - Downloading music is a hassle.  On several occasions I have had to wait while the music is uploaded and re-uploaded before I can add more music.  - Sometimes (actually a lot of times) it just doesn't work.  I will turn it on and it will just freeze up.  At this point you have to take the battery out and wait for it to initialize and hope that it works right.  - The charging system as a whole is sloppy and akward.  There is a 3 headed beast that should have been made into a simple input/output.  - There are several more issue about not being user friendly and other ways it will freeze up on you, while your in the middle of your workout but you get the point.  Get an ipod and be happy with life    

- I bought anthis unit (I10) from iriver. It stopped working after 3 weeks of usage without any reason!!!, I sent 3 emails to customer service and they never even respond!!! I have been trying to contact the customer service phone number and the IVR doesn't even work it-is-a fake IVR there is nobody in there!!!! Can you beleieve?? Unfortunately this unit was bought directly from the iRiver online store and not using Amazon. I assume that amazon might have been able to help with this bad supplier. I feel so bad for trusting this kind of company and now I will have to buy an iPod and spend much more money.  

- I am the unhappy owner of several H10's and initially there were minor problems, but the closer they got to the end of the warranty period, the more problems they started having.  Problems include freezing up for no apparent reason, scrolling in Chinese, and the most irritating is when the "system files are missing" and you have to reinstall the firmware and redownload ALL of your music (does this alot).  The company doesn't believe in customer service - you can't get through on the phone and they take days to respond to email.  I have returned two because the hard drives crashed and it took 3-4 weeks to get them back, and then one of them crashed again as soon as I got all the music redownloaded and I had to return it and wait another 3 weeks.  I have a problem with one that has now gone out of warranty and iRiver told me they won't touch it and to look for a repair shop online.  So save yourself alot of headaches and time, not to mention money, and don't buy an H10 player.  

- I have had this MP3 player for several months.  I was able to deal with the the machine freezing (by keeping a paper clip handy and pressing the reset button).  I also had a lot of patience when entire cd's were mysteriously disappearing and I had to upload the cd's again.  Now, the scroll pad/volume bar is not working at all rendering this player practically useless.  (If I select "All" I can hear each song on every CD in alphabetical order but that's about it.)    I'm trying to figure out if I can send this in for repair or just consider it useless and go for the Toshiba Gigabeat (30 GB) which seems to be pretty reliable.  I received the Iriver as a gift but wouldn't dare buy any of their products and would strongly advise anyone else against throwing their money away on Iriver.   

- it holds a lot of information/books etc, and therefore makes a great reference if you are a professional, travel, etc.  Also, it is quite good at finding access to the internet.  Unfortunately, I didn't heed the warnings of others.  It's hard drive has broken after 6 months of use.  Now its a great paper weight!  

- After a year, the Lifedrive froze while starting up.  I tried resetting, including several hard resets, which the unit would never complete.  A call to Palm Tech Support did no good - they want me to send it back for repair (at my own expense, since it's past the warranty period).  

- <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000MX6L26/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/103-2267842-7747008">Palm Lifedrive Mobile Manager (Refurbished)</a>  The device I received would not take a charge.  I returned it, and my money was promptly refunded.  

- My Lifedrive died after a year and will not reset.  I've tried the soft reset, hard reset and hard reset with the Lifedrive charging in its cradle.  Palm support is non-existent.  They gave a lame suggestion (the hard reset in the cradle) when I first contacted them and now they have not responded to my follow up message.  In addition the form on their website to request support has stopped working.  I have to say the address book was really handy and it was useful to be able to read e-books on the PDA.  However, I can't possibly recommend getting a Lifedrive because of the poor support and the danger of losing important data which cannot readily be transferred to a non-Palm PDA even if you have been doing regular synchronizations with a desktop computer.  

- Loved everything about this product, until I paid out my cash for it.  After only using it for a few weeks it must have took some sort of knock in my coat pocket (yeah, yeah, my own fault, yada, yada).  It's not like I was rough with it or anything but the device developed the "Click of death".  So it is no longer "bootable".  To be honest if the fundamental drive aspect of this device is that it is so vulnerable to shocks then I see no reason to trust my "Life" to it.  Yet another gadget in the Gadget Drawer Of History.    

- I gave the LifeDrive a chance for a year.   It was my 2nd Palm device.   The old Tungsten E was more reliable.  Even though the Tungsten E would lose data once the battery drain, I knew how to work around it...use backup software and charge it every other day.  Once I knew how to work around the Tungten E's quirks then it became a reliable hardware for me.  I do not know how to work around LifeDrive's quirks.  The LifeDrive worked most of the time, but you always had a sense that it may not work one day and you are not clear how to fix it or prevent some issues from happening again.   Sometimes it would not come on even though the day before it was fully charged.   I had to charge it again for some reason.   My current problem is that when I turn it on I can only see my contacts and the WiFi screen seems to be in loop (keeps flashing on and off).   It will not let me use any other applications.  I reset it and nothing has changed.  I should have went with the Palm TX instead.  Palm owes buyers an apology for creating such an expensive item that is not reliable.  

- When it works, it works beautifully, unfortunately the older it gets the less it works, at least that's what happened to me.  Mine lasted one year.  It was incredibly buggy and crashed out frequently from day one  (preinstalled Versamail was the biggest culprit).  It takes about two to three minutes to reboot every time it crashes out on you, and after a while I just hoped that it would turn on after a crash.  I installed Iambic's Agendus, which I've used various versions of since my Newton and the Lifedrive didn't like it at all.  It crashed and rebooted left and right because of it.  The internet browser has a bug that doesn't allow you to download anything like patches.  You'll get an error message saying that your harddisk or card is full.  The last I heard the Lifedrive has been discontinued and there are no plans of a v.o 2.0.  Which is a shame really, as they had the makings of a nice piece of equipment had they worked on it a little more.   

- Wrong product..  wrong time.  	Consumers of US have been offered new electronics products almost everyday. But how many times we look at them and say, "I want that!" PalmOne's LifeDrive is not going to make you say that, either.  Major features of the product: * Palm OS 5.4 * Intel Processor * 4G HD * Wi-Fi 802.11b * Bluetooth 1.1 * USB 2.0 * Big color display * Support for Microsoft Documents * Voice Recorder * Camera Companion Software * MP3 Player  This is not impressive.If PalmOne wants to be ahead of the curve, they should have added Wi-Fi 802.11g. Bluetooth and USB 2.0 are pretty much necessary and they are good there. 	 Lets do a quick comparison of this product,  PalmOne Treo 650: $400 (And lot cheaper with cell phone service annual contract) Features: Cell, PDA, Camera, MP3 Player, SpeakerPhone, Bluetooth, 23MB Nokia 6620: $350 (less than $100 with annual plan)  Features: Cell, PDA, Camera, MP3 Player, Speakerphone, Bluetooth 12MB  Why am I comparing with cell phones? Because we have to have one and what is missing in them is the big hard-drive. For that, I am not going to buy LifeDrive. I will rather just a get a USB drive/firewire drive for 50 bucks which I don't need to upgrade or something, or better yet, an iPod which is an excellent USB Hard-Drive (iPod Photo fo 30G $349) 	If PalmOne is thinking that this device is going to fill the gap between your office computer, home computer, camera, I think they are wrong. We need little more integration like combination of a Nokia Cell,  PDA, Apple MP3 player, small Sony camera, Big Hitachi Hard drive. And all of this still should be bigger than the Palm Treo.  Bottom Line: I wouldn't waste my money on this. I am sure something more worthwhile will come before end of this year.  

- The price is not right, when a toshiba lap top, with 40GB, WIFI goes for 600 dollars paying just 100 less for a mere 4 GB is absurd.   

- The service was outstanding from Amazon, could not ask for more.  In great anticipation, I openned the package to set up my new Palm Live Drive. It did not work from moment one.  The battery will not charge, can not keep the screen lite.  It has been a hastle for two days now.  I am sending it back to Palm.  It has been frustrating, did numerous resets (hard, soft, cradle in).  My excitment has been nothing but disappointment.  

- I paid over $200 for this product and have owned it for over a year. It stopped working altogether. No music, no nothing. So what will the company do about that?... nothing! By checking their website, I have found out that after 60 days of use of the product, they charge $12.99 just to talk to you about any problem. So I sent them an e-mail instead. Their website said they would respond for free. Four days later... no response. So what to do?... throw the $200 product away and buy a new one or pay them their $12.99 just to ask them what if anything I can do? The Creative company sucks big time and should be avoided.   

- After just several months my Zen Micro stopped working. Won't charge, won't come on, nothing. I never even dropped it or anything. I looked on the web for tips and found TONS of people have had the exact same problem with theirs. I wish I had just bought an IPOD like I wanted in the first place. It also looks like creative isn't helpful at all. Research the web  before you buy this product!  

- I bought this product over two years ago.  I had to get used to having my music organized by album.  The device has taken its fair number of falls.  My first problem with this player happened a few months into use.  The back battery cover became loose; it would slide off if I kept it in my pocket.  The user replaceable batter was part of the reason I bought the devise.  The battery life is now at around three hours when fully charged.  A replacement battery would be $40 and not worth the price.    There were several times in which I thought it would never work again.  At one point I had to delete my entire library and get new firmware.  One of my friends had to do the same with his Zen Micro.  My friend's headphone jack became loose after less than a year.  The mp3 player is useless when the headphone jack goes.  You can only hear part of the music (e.g. the vocals or bass).  My headphone jack became loose a few months later.  I couldn't just put the device in my pocket and go.  It needed to be held in just the right position for the headphone jack to function.  Now, my Zen only works in the docking station I bought for it.  The docking station is not portable.  I invested over thee-hundred dollars into the device and attachments and it doesn't serve its intended purpose a few years later.  I had expected long-term use.  

- DO NOT WAST YOUR MONEY ON THIS!  I had the av 700 for two weeks but gave up and returned it. The software is 2 years behind and the screen resolution is a joke. My cell phone has a better screen.    I tried everything I could to make this product work but it just came down to the fact that Archos went cheap on the screen! Your eyes will hurt after just 15 minutes of viewing.   Maybe Archos will get it right next time.   

- the video quality is fair,lots of pixals, the sound quality is very good. The downfall of this product is its software no way to convert video files, I had to purchase 3rd party software $60 plus dollars. Archos 700 does not sync with windows media player 10 unless you use harddrive mode which does not convert files correctly.  I paid way to much for this product wish I had not of purchased it.  I just recently purchased Creative labs Zen M, for half the price and WOW what a product, Killer video and Audio, built in radio with radio recorder, and guess what it comes with its own software.  I put 285 songs 185 photos and 16 full length movies in about 1 hour. The archos 700 has taken weeks to convert and configure video's  Final Results: Don't buy the Archos 700 over priced and not ready for the market.  Do buy the Creative Labs Zen M, Wow Wow and Wow what a great product.  

- I bought one of the (relatively) newest mp3 players on the market several years ago. It was a Jukebox Studio 20 from Archos. I wrote to them as I was experiencing some problems with charging the batteries and told them I used an Apple computer. They gave me a return authorization, I shipped it in, they charged me a fee for the fix, shipped it back. I wrote back saying I couldn't get the unit to work with an Apple and they simply replied that Apple's OS wasn't supported. I wrote back saying that I had specifically told them I used a Mac but never got a reply again... Maybe I should have reported them with the Better Business Bureau. You can save yourself a headache (and being robbed) by simply not buying any Archos products.  

- I purchased the 100gb AV700 IN DECEMBER 2005. It stopped working in May 2006.I returned it (at my own expense) for repair June 2006. Received it back after 4 weeks. After 1 hour it stopped working. Despite assurances from Archos I still  haven't been able to return item for repair. Their customer and tech support is  nonexistant. Purchase this item at your own risk.  

- I REALLY wanted to keep this unit.  The AV700 is a class act.  I liked everything about the unit itself--build quality was excellent, as was the screen.  The interface was a little klunky (compared to an iPod, for example), but was not a significant factor.  However, I returned it.  Why? In short, I could not get the AV700 to work with my TV system.  First of all, and most importantly, the supplied cables are very short--I think they're 3 feet long, if that.  Even though all my components are in a cabinet, the cables weren't long enough.  And, because they are special cables, I couldn't just go to Radio Shack and buy longer ones.  I think this is quite "short-sighted" (excuse the pun).  The cables should be at least 6 feet long for almost any current television equipment installation.  So, the AV700 was pretty much dead in the water for me, just based on the cable length (I also have to include the dock cable in the indictment.  I think it's less than a foot long and protrudes from one side and inflexible so as to severely limit installment options.) Second, the instructions were quite general and, for a video novice like me, inadequate.  There were no more comprehensive instructions on the Archos website either.  I've been around computers for many years, but haven't done much in the way of multimedia setup.  I looked at my installation and tried to follow the instructions as best as I could, but I never got video to the AV700.  I am sure that a video-savvy person wouldn't have experienced this.  However, I would caution a potential buyer who doesn't have such experience to expect difficulty with installation. So, quite reluctantly, I returned the unit.  I really wanted it to work.  Archos could remedy the situation with longer cables and better instructions--either in print or on the website.  Until then, I would advise caution before purchasing the AV700.  

- I bought the AV700 about a month ago. It looked real nice out of the box but would not interface with my computer because of its faulty plug and play and would not download my MP3 music or my videos because it did not support dvd format.  So reluctantly I sent it back.  Too bad, I really wanted it to work.  It looks like, they put out the product too soon without spending the time to make it user friendly.  

- I own an older model and have experienced battery issues. When the unit was on the market and battery concerns were mentioned and Archos said that they would replace the battery if the need arose. Well, I need a new battery and guess what they said. They suggested that I throw away my 20 gig/mp3 player/video player because they no longer support the unit because my model is not current! I can't beleive that something I bought for hundreds of dollars 2 years ago that needs a battery should be tossed.   They said if I found a battery that I would still need to find someone handy with solder. When I inquired about the specs of the battery they said they didn't have any of that info.   Not to mention that the battery is dead dead and the unit will not turn on even when plugged in. I can't access any of my files.   What a crock. I think I will buy something from someone who cares next time. Buyer beware.   

- DON'T BUY ANY ARCHOS PRODUCT IS NO TECHNICAL SUPORT AND YOU NEEDS LAT CHRIS  

- and also, doen't have radio FM ... I don't recomend.  

- I tried two of these, and took both back.  Maybe BestBuy just had a bad batch, but both were defective.  It would get stuck, sound like a broken record, and I couldn't advance or go back.  

- Before this one I had an iriver 899, which had lots of customizing features, allowing the user to change recording bit rate, turn the back light off, etc.  I bought this, thinking thta it may be comparable.  I am disappointed. 1.  Even though the specs page in the manual says that the recording time can go up to 18 hrs (at 32 kbps), there is NO WAY to get the recording bit rate lower than 96 kpbs.  There are just 3 settings for recording bit rate and the lowest is 96kbps.  The 899 had many different sampling rate and bit rates for recording.  Plus, on the t30 you can only record in stereo.  The result: large files which are inconvenient to email, etc. 2.  You would think they would let you turn the dang backlight OFF if you want, but you can only get it down to 3 seconds.  That wastes a lot of battery life if you don't need it on.  battery companies must be wining and dining iriver or something. 3.  There are other things on the t30 that iriver has started to cheapen, and for this reason I give the device a low rating.  

- I consider myself a well-versed computer user and have used a few mp3 players in my time, including my current 30GB Creative Zen vision M. I purchased (2) iRiver T30 players for my daughters Christmas presents in 2006. Both Napster and iRiver expressed that these players were compatible with the Napster To Go service. I made the choice to purchase based on their compatibility and price, but I forgot the old saying, "You get what you pay for!"  I have not succeed with downloading any music into either of these players as of yet. Both have very old firmware installed and for whatever reason, will not accept the new updated firmware. And yes, I know about having to run XP with service pack 2...that is exactly what my computer is running. After contacting both iRiver 3 times and the seller 4 times, I still have not reached a satisfactory agreement for replacement. I would feel differently if only one player had issues, but both are unusable and I would never recommend this product to anyone. I would, however, recommend Creative Zen products. They are high quality, sturdy and the company stands behind everything they sell, not like other companies that hide when problems occur.  

- Just got is device over e internet. Ich now realize why is device ws so cheap. e device would not upgrade to e latest firmware advertised, would not play any of e OGG Vorbis files t Ich hd, despite it advertising e ability, nd ws only available wie Media Transfer Protocol, instead of e easier nd more universal USB Mass Storage protocol. is means using Windows Media Player 10 or greater to control e player, which limits its ability to be used wiLinux or a Mac. Tried calling support nd could not get a live person despite spending half a day on e phone. e iriver NorAmerica website's Need Help button ws lso not working, sending me to a 404 not found page. Makes me wonder if ey are still in business! ** Update ** fter spending hours on e internet looking at solutions, Ich managed to update e firmware by finding a Windows machine (ugh!) nd running e firmware updater. Instead of selecting America, which gave me a corrupted firmware, Ich selected Europe. at allowed me to update to e latest MTP firmware. fter t, Ich ws able to en use e same firmware updater program to convert to USB Mass Storage (UMS) by selecting a new button in e program nd installing e new firmware. is allowed me to en use e device in Linux, nd, s a bonus, e OGG Vorbis media files now worked. erefore Ich am updating my rating to 3 STARS from one star.  

- I bought the iRiver T30 1GB after researching extensively, mostly based on the "plays for sure" feature. The idea is to be able to play all your legally bought, legally downloaded (from MSN Music) songs on a player that is compatible with the whole MSN system -- Windows Media Player, etc.  I was therefore extremely aggravated and disappointed when the T30 wouldn't play any of my MSN downloaded music, or even some other .WMA files.  I spent hours trying to "fix" the problem, then discovered via an online search that this is a KNOWN problem with the T30.  It sounds great.  I like everything about it -- except that I can't play all of my music on it.  Buyer Beware!  

- the sound isn't that great, and it basically broke on me saying there is a file check error on it not allowing me to do anything with it.  Definitely just shell the money out for an Ipod for the quality product.  

- Beware -- this unit does not work with Toshiba laptops.   Tech support is non-existent.   You will never get through on the phone.   Email support is non-existent.   You will have to wait weeks to hear back.    If it does work with your laptop, this unit does a great job of recording and playing.    

- I was looking for a "do-it-all" player for music, voice and audiobooks. Although the iRiver T30 handles the first two functions pretty well, I advise you not to buy this unit for its support of Audible files. In this mode it works (sort of), but I have discovered several very annoying quirks.  As soon as I use the voice recording feature, the unit:  1) Will not save bookmarks in an Audible file.  2) Will not retain the last position in memory when I exit from an Audible file.  When this happens, the only solution I have found is to completely reformat the device and reinstall the operating system.  As well, when the unit's battery runs out in the middle of listening to an Audible file, the entire file is no longer recognized by the player. I must load a new copy of the file to continue.   

- Incredibly frustrating.  I was quite happy with my T30 until I recently upgraded my windows media player to version 11.  It became IMPOSSIBLE to add any new music.  There is a firmware upgrade on the iriver website, which I downloaded and installed three times.  It just doesn't work!  I managed to solve this problem only by rolling back to WMP 10.   BTW, I emailed iriver customer support about this problem and waited 17 days for a response.  

- I have a different iriver, the ifp 899 which was apparently made before iriver decided to save money every possible way they could, in order to maximize their profits.  the T30 costs almost the same as the 899, but has all the worthwhile features taken out.  You have hardly any control over the quality of the recording you make, way less ability to navigate--you name it and it is NOT in this machine.  Not only that, but after a few months of VERY light use, it started making corrupt recordings which makes it a huge hassle to load them onto my computer and compress them.  Plus, recorded files are ENORMOUS unless you use the "low" quality recording setting--and then their quality is rotten  

- A year or so ago I was given an I-River mp3 player by my then girlfriend/now wife as a gift and was thrilled by the sound quality and size/weight, not to mention the fact that by buying I-River I wasn't supporting the all-consuming i-pod hysteria that seemed to be taking over the world. The honeymoon thereafter was wonderful, and lasted up until about 2 months ago, when inexplicably the I-River went into full crash mode, allowing me only the insignia, and nothing else. When I called the I-River customer service, I was notified that since I had no proof of purchase (my wife had lost the receipt) that I would be relegated to paying for technical service (59.99, paid in advance), even though it was well under the two year warrantable period. I was treated rudely at that time, but I understood that it was my fault for not having the receipt and gladly accepted my fate in the hands of their outsource technicians, AV Sense, based in California. The only problem-AV Sense is TERRIBLE!!! They don't explain their procedure for returns (except that you have to send them the $60 via web portal/ Paypal first, before they can answer any questions), their web support is sketchy, with non-existent representatives and no phone numbers for direct access, and when you do get in touch with them, they seem as confused as you. After re-sending it to them twice (and finally digging one of their personal phone numbers out of the bowels of the internet) they sent me back, once again, an mp3 FULL of glitches that once again crashed only days after receiving it. My attempt to contact a real customer service representative from the actual I-River company ended at Peter, who claimed to be the top of the totem pole for complaints and dissatisfied customers. Certainly he would care that a loyal, honest I-River customer had been put through unnecessary headache over and over again, right? Nope. Peter wasn't the least bit concerned, even after I'd calmly and articulately detailed the ordeal, about anything I'd been through.  He didn't seem the least bit concerned that the tech support company he and his company were sending their customers to was wholly incompetent. There wasn't even an `I'm sorry' tone in his voice. He simply said `too bad', and when I asked if I could please contact his supervisor by either email or phone he again said `no, I don't want to give that information out.'  The moral to the story is, if this is the way I-River customers are treated, and this is the kind of support they're giving for their products, perhaps I should rethink my disdain for I-Pod. At the very least, I'm sure they're outsource techs are more competent. And I'm sure they're customer representatives are better trained and more respectful than young Peter.   Just my opinion.     

- The sound is good, the transfer of files to and from the laptop are easy enough.  My problems:  * There are only a few buttons to do many things.  What the button does depends on how many times you click it (sort of like double-clicking a mouse), and which menu, and what stage of that menu, you're in.  Only, the buttons don't always seem to work as they should.  So you're always navigating about all sorts of menus and submenus that you don't really want to be in, seeking the menu you want.  * The screen is tiny.  And though it's lit in blue, the lighting doesn't last long.  You can't ponder the menu long before it goes dark.  Maybe iRiver figures that if you're over 40, you're not a valuable consumer for MP3s anyway, so who cares whether you can easily see the menu or not?  Trying to read the menus (impossible at nightime), and then navigate about the menus, clicking and double-clicking, is a frustrating experience.  I'd prefer an MP3 recorder with more dedicated buttons (i.e., buttons that each do only one thing), and a bigger, brighter screen.  

- I bought this unit mainly for its voice recorder feature, very handy if I want to record myself dyuring music class. As other reviewers have already confirmed, the sound quality on playback is very good, and given that it it it has a mono built-in microphone, recorded sounds also sound good. Also useful at the expense of greater thickness, is its use of AAA batteries.  The bad is the user interface. The buttons are divided above and below the screen, and depending on how you hold the device, the feature you want is accessed either from the top or from the bottom. Not that accessing the feature is always intuitive, in the beginning I was forever having to re-read the manual to understand how to use it. The iPod this is not.   

- The manual included with this device is completely useless. Go to the manufacturer's website and download an updated version - you'll be saving yourself a big headache.  The included manual reads like it was written by a non-English speaking third grader.  Example: "The keys will locked automatically, in the status without any operation and over the system keylock time."  Huh?  "Solution of unlock: Press 'Next' key and then press 'Last' key to unlock"  Needless to say, there is no 'Next' key.  Nor is there a 'Last' key.  REAL helpful directions there, guys.  I'm an IT professional who solves technology problems for a living, and I had a heck of time figuring this thing out.  Unless you're really into puzzles, I'd recommend spending a few more bucks on something that has usable instructions.  Please note that at least one of the people praising this comes right out and admits he doesn't own it - he owns a completely different model.  I'd take a "review" from someone who doesn't even own the product with a big grain of salt.  

- The player was good for 3 weeks and then I started having problems. The battery drained fast and then one it did not recognize the battery. I emailed their tech support and gave me a 800 number to call to. Every time I called the 800 number it went to a voice box. Left message no response. Emailed again stating the issue no response. The player was good while it lasted might have been fixed if I had the support. Tech support is really pathetic.  

- It is very flimsy.  I ordered 2.  One of them didn't work at all from the get-go.  I was able to get a return authorization  for a replacement (item comes with a "6 month warranty"  HA!) Well it has been 2 months now and no response.  I've e-mailed several times- no response.  I've called customer service and all I get is a voice mail.  and No, they don't call back.  Guess what?  they were slow but sent me a brand new player. both are working fine (so far) so I'll go step back and give it 2 and a half stars.   BUT DO NOT GO TO WAL MART TO DOWNLOAD MUSIC because wal-mart's protection label won't work with this player, so you can't play the music.  

- This was my 2nd mp3 player (my first was the rio s10, which broke) and right when i opened it from the box the top button was screwed up it could only go one way it was SOOOOO annoying! Then about a month later it was so screwed up that it would freeze, turn off, and make the song sound weird! I threw this peice of trash away and got a Buslink MP3-SK 256 MB player which is way better! I love it! It has a built in loud speaker so i dont have to use those annoying earbuds! So i deffinatly recomend the buslink one over this stupid one!  

- Sound quality poor.  Product was delivered late by a week.  

- not only did the ear buds not fit in my ears but this thing eats the batteries so quickly (5 hours max).  Also, it doesn't have any sort of clip attached to it.  So even though it's inexpensive, count on spending at least another $25 on smaller buds and a case.  i had to buy a cell phone clip on case so that i could wear this while working out - which is the only reason i purchased it.  

- I bought it and than I found one with little lcd 512 for the same price, so I recomend you serch for better price.  

- You are probably looking at this item and thinking the same thing I was thinking before I bought this: It's very cheap, doesn't look so bad, and what can possibly go wrong. Boy was I wrong. After the first week, the garbage headphones that it came with stopped working. After a month, the sound kept on going on and off and stopped working the next week. It is also very hard to navigate around this thing. Save yourself the time and money and buy yourself something like the SanDisk Sansa m230 which is a little more money, but probably worth it. Now I'm stuck with a broken mp3 and I am going for the  m230. Trust the reviews. The people that gave this a good review, probably rated this a day after they received their mp3 player. I should have trusted the reviews before buying this. Don't get stuck with this like I did. I only rated this 2 stars, since it lasted 5 weeks.  

- I purchased three of these this summer. I am now back to purchase something different. For the MP3 part :: One died quickly and quietly. The other two took awhile.   When you first get them they work great but after awhile they start to act up.  At first it is little glitches in the interface and then they just up and stop working.  You can replace the battery and do a reset but that only works temporarily.  It must be some tiny part or something that wears out. The voice recorder and as a Jump drive they are still working today. If you are buying as a JUMPDRIVE and VOICE RECORDER Go for it.  The MP3 part of the deal is not worth the time or money!  

- Great price but very hard to use, you can spend 15 minutes just trying to escape the menu. Be nice to have better volume control.  

- This product was a Christmas gift for my nephew.  He didn't get to keep it because it said on the packaging that it contains a chemical that causes birth defects.  I felt really bad that he didn't get to enjoy the MP3 Player.   

- I purchased many items with rebates last Christmas. Digging through my records it looks as though this is the only one that didn't come. I bought it and mailed the items out correctly, and on time.  Today reading the small print and wondering why I didn't get my money, I discovered it says you have to wait 10 weeks to get your rebate, but if you don't receive it, you must contact them no later then 120 days after the promotion ends. So you have to wait 70 days, then somehow remember that you were not sent the rebate, but before 120 days is up, you have to remind them that you still want it. Otherwise you forfeit your rebate. What a scam this is. Shame on you Machspeed Technologies. All for a stupid $10 rebate. Very underhanded company.  Now to just post this review for every item they sell!  

- My wife bought this for me so I could record audio quickly and scroll around playing back stuff and deleting what I don't want.  I find it to be a completely unintuitive product.  Most of the display is unreadable to my 50 y.o. eyes, even with reading glasses, and it has just been $40 worth of frustration for me.  The audio quality seems good, the features sound good in the manual but implementation of them is another story.  I thought I was just impatient and needed to read the manual more carefully, but after I did that I found the manual was just flat out wrong or misstated some of the products functions.  Example:  Manual says to turn player on, press and hold play button for 5 seconds.  This is not true, you simply press it and it turns on.  If you hold it for five seconds it turns off.  Manual goes on to say that to stop playing a song you hold the play button for 3 seconds.  This will actually turn the whole player off.  5 seconds are not actually required.  Having the same button that with one press turns the player on, with another press plays a song (if you are in the right mode), with another press and some amount of holding pauses the song, with another press and more holding but not too much ends the song, and with yet another press and more holding turns the player off is simply assigning too much responsibility to one button.  The interface is unusable to me, I would not buy from this company again.  

- I bought this from Amazon last week. It's really a beautifully built device with one enormous flaw. The screen is a disaster. I ignored the advice of some previous reviewers who warned about the viewing angle issue with the screen. Boy were they right! If you are buying this device primarily to view photos then steer elsewhere (see my recommendation below).  First this is a nicely designed device. It has such a solid feel, with a slim form factor, a tightly engineered, elegant interface and button set. It feels great in the hand. Creative's engineers should be congratulated.  Except for that screen.  It's simply unusable. Sure it's big, and dense with pixels and color. On paper it seems incredible. But it's not incredible to look at. Just as previous viewers said, at best when you view pictures you must hold this thing at an ridiculously restrictive angle, and with one eye closed or the image will distort and shimmer badly. Essentially incredibly narrow viewing angle and the binocular nature of human eyes will be enough to create shimmering with this frustrating screen. I showed it to my wife and she agrees.   Video playback suffered a similar effect though not as dramatic.  One other smaller issue was that you can't zoom photos so if you want to preview to look for blurring and such you can't use this device.  What a shame. I really almost considered keeping it because it's just such a nicely designed piece.   Anyway I sent mine back and with some reluctance ordered the Epson P-2000.   The Epson arrived a few days ago. The screen is wonderful. Everything the Vision should have been. Clear, sharp and easily viewed from a much wider angle. No shimmering at all. Same size, same dimensions (640x480) but has a zoom feature that works very well.  The Epson doesn't have the same tight build and the device is a considerably bigger in size, with a slightly cheaper, plastic body. Slightly bigger hard drive. Also has an SD/MMC card slot in addition to the CF slot. Essentially the same functions as the Vision but no FM radio. I didn't buy the Vision for the radio.  That said I'm really happy with the way pictures appear on the Epson and will certainly keep it but still miss the build quality of the Vision.  

- I had my Creative Zen Vision for all of about 3 hours.  Having previously owned a 20GB Creative Zen Portable Media Center and being completely unsatisfied with it I was really hoping that Creative had gone the extra mile and learned from their past effort.  Well, 3 hours into things I discovered they did a few things right but one thing horribly wrong.  The screen quality is just plain awful.  If people are finding a decent angle at which to hold their's then that's great, I couldn't find one at all.  You'll spend more time fidgeting, trying to find an optimum angle than you'll ever spend actually enjoying a movie on the thing.  It's simply a cheap lousy screen.    The rest of the unit is fine.  The construction is solid, the interface very easy to use (though the included software isn't all that great), and even the sound is pretty good - but let's face it, we buy these things to watch movies on and if they can't handle that then what good are they?  

- I finally got mine today and within 2 hours of playing around with it, the screen and front bezel already show many scratches!  My mini never scratched and my 3rd gen 20 gig didnt show scratches like these until after months of playing. There is obviously a problem with the coating that is applied to both the lcd and front bezel. I can only imagine how bad it will look in a couple of weeks :( Beware and stay away from the ipods until apple gets there stuff together and fixes this problem!   

- I've actually liked the iPod, but iTunes doesn't work well on a PC.  It freezes up almost daily, crashes in the middle of downloads, gets stuck in iStore and I can't get out...  the list goes on.  I'm putting mine on eBay and getting something else!  I'm sick of constant troubleshooting time wasted with no fix.  I'm not exactly a "dummy" I have a masters in computer science!!  But I don't have any more time to waste on this.  

- I'm looking at this jazzy 60 GB iPod with Video Playback, but I have a problem.  About 16 months ago, I bought a 40 GB Wheel iPod and loved it. But just over a year after buying it I had difficulty in getting the iPod to charge. So I paid Apple $65 for the battery replacement service and sent my iPod off. Nearly three weeks passed, without hearing anything from Apple, so I called Apple Customer Service. After waiting on the telephone for 25 minutes I got a customer service rep who, after finding my record, reported that there was nothing wrong with the battery, but there was a hardware problem, and that in order to get it fixed, I would have to pay $265.  "It would be cheaper to buy a new one," my customer service rep said.  So naturally, I thought about upgrading to the new Video apple. But I have a problem:  what do I do with the piece of junk that my first iPod turned into?  And there is an additional potential problem: what happens if I spring for $400 for the upgraded Apple, and THAT turns into a piece of junk?  The lesson learned (the tough way) is this:  Apple turns out junk and then doesn't stand behind its product.  The iPod is a nifty creation, but if it doesn't work for more than a year, it isn't worth a damn. And if Apple itself doesn't stand behind their products, then one has to wonder whether buying an Apple product is a wise investment. From my experience, Apple is more concerned with its profit margins then supporting the products it does produce.  

- Beauty is in the eye of the eye of the beholder so if you like the astethics and beautiful video screen technology, you will love this.  I have an IPOD Video 30 Gig bought right before Christmas 2005.    If you are like me and like simplicity, relatively bug free software (I can live with minor bugs and expect a few), and ease of use, then this is an overpriced duckling.  I have tried to get this to work on my Windows XP and my Windows 2000 operating systems with no luck.  The interface hangs indefinitely.  I have patience, having no children and not much else to do, so if it ever did decide to "unhang" I'd be here ready to use the loading of media software.  But it doesn't wish to be compatible with any of my Windows operating systems.   I am a stockholder of AAPL and wish it to make me lots of money.  But I'm more beholden to good technology than increased shareholder value and this, my dear reader, is a POS.  The screen of the IPOD always seems to read "Do not disconnect" no matter what I do.  It doesn't like to turn off.  I can't load anything easily.    If I were to design this, I'd want a cableless interface where the USB connection pops out from the unit and plugs directly into the computer.  Of course the software would work with all standard operating systems...duh.   I never got far enough to see if the file structure supported multiple sub directories.  If not, that would be very important to me.  It should function like a normal hard drive fur chrissakes.    Anyway, I'm going to wait for their customer service complaints to go down and to get an later version.  It's not the smartest thing to buy the first version of software or hardware kits.    Not recommeded.  

- I have to say, I was all for the new 5G iPod until I started getting into making the portable device usable in various settings. Apple is killing their customer base by turning a highly priced $400 portable music device into a $600 item by gouging customers for every single accessory needed - even splitting up the wall charger and the cable needed to connect the charger to the iPod ($60 to charge your iPod through an outlet)!  The screen scratches, even with a soft cloth.  You will have to buy a screen cover of some sort right away. The class scratches easier than even the most fragile coated sunglasses I have ever owned.  Why can't they just use the same scratch resistant glass everyone uses on PDA screens?  Here's a break down of what I've spent so far on my $400 iPod:  $400 - 60 Gig 5G Ipod Video (comes with a usb cable and worthless earbud headphones that will have to be replaced. $30 - usb power adapter (allows the iPod usb cable to charge the iPod. No usb cable provided, so you'll have to use the one that was provided for your computer synching (a pain, I know). $30 - usb cable for the usb power adapter $40 - universal dock for my home stereo $30 - usb cable for my universal dock (none provided with the dock) $22 - 1/8" mini headphone to RCA cable for connecting to my home stereo (Monster Cable brand, could have gone cheaper for basic Radio Shack cables) $20 - 1/8" mini to 1/8" mini cable for connecting the iPod to my car stereo or other speaker systems (Monster Cable). $20 - for the cheapest rubber protective sleeve offered to keep the HIGHLY scratch prone screen from scratching.  This turns a $400 item into a $592 item.  If you want the remote for the dock or any other accessories, the dollar figure continues to grow. In my opinion, if you haven't already heavily invested in the iPod, go another route. There are a plethora of other portable media devices out there that give you much more bang for your buck.  From companies that actually have the customers needs and best interest in mind. And besides, you'll be cool and unique and not like every other conformist out there (yes, I am one of those conformists, but learn from me).   If this review was helpful to you, please click on "yes". Thank you kindly.  

- this video unit very swiftly followed on the heels of the photo ipod which clearly was aimed at maximising sales for folks who wanted to put digital photos/power point presentations etc on an ipod, presenting them with another three-four hundred photo/video unit after they'd just bought a threee-four hundred dollar unit. After barely three months the photo ipod is now effectively discontinued and being discounted. I initially got a 60 GB photo which I discovered is incompatible - its just too thick for the docking station -  with the new Altec Lansing IM 7 - after establishing said incompatibility with Apple (obviously Altec's fault - not Apple's) I discovered that the new 60GB (slightly thinner) video was just about to be launched so I swapped my photo for a video only to discover Apples cynical exploitation continues. I was very unimpressed with the video ipod, the screen would have scratched very quickly and does according to many reviews, unlike the photo which happily is more durable, there was no mains adapter, none of the peripherals I have like iTalk work, you have to buy the new universal dock at fourty dollars a pop to make some features work. The better (20 hours) battery life is only for the 60GB, another deliberate cynical ploy. The video/battery capability is seemingly  pretty limited as regards watching films longer than 100 mins or so. I dont really see the point of watching vacuous mtveee type music videos on such a small unit - but each to their own. As for the limited TV series drivel currently on the itunes PPV web site, enoough said!!   I originally had a 4th gen 40GB which was big enough for my 5000+ songs. Each time they update the ipod they take something away from the package. This time with the video they've taken virtually everything away, no dock, no adapter, no peripherals, and added the crappiest thinnest case you could imagine which wont really protect the unit long term. Unless very small screen video is really tremendously important to you and you're happy spending two dollars on each music video/populist tv shows thus far offered buy the photo ipod and save fifty dollars and get a much better deal with a screen that will not scratch so easily and wont be such a problem even if it does scratch up a bit. I use mine exclusively as a music/audio player and now have a second photo ipod after swapping out my new vidoe player. I found the video player took thirty mins or so longer to download the exact same number of songs that my photo ipods took.  And I can still record speech/memos etc on my ipod, use an fm transmitter on the car stereo. Its funny how generally speaking the media just lap up whatever apple do and never seem to criticise the (to me) cynical plethora of products, many of which if you have a reasonable music collection are worthless, 1GB or less of music recorded at at least 192kbs to ensure reasonable play back sound is to me a waste of money and effort. If you buy decent headphones - at the very least Shure E3's or better, owning a 60 GB ipod is an expensive toy. Doubtless Apple will sooner or later launch yet another expensive video ipod update, presumably enough folks will want the kudos of having the latest model so Apple's profits will continue. Hopefully if this cynical product exploitation continues increasingly folks will begin to see through this creeping corporate cynicism. I make this observation as a free market loving Republican. I suppose as a proud non gamer and older geezer, with nothing but contempt for the vacuous mtveee and its ilk this product is not really aimed at me.  My music ipod is still by far and away the finest and most cherished toy I have ever owned.   

- First unit stopped working within first year. Even the replacement unit stopped working in 3 months.  Apple will not cover second unit failure in warranty.  Apple still have a serious reliability problem in my experience.  

- I could not use it, the product I received was defective.  Item seems like returned item, I ordered for a new Item. It doesnt  look like original packing.  Navigation key up arrow is not working. I had to return it on the same day I received the item.   

- After searching around and looking at other reviews of this product I decided it would be an excellent media player.  I purchase the product and was very pleased with how the product functioned.  After 8 days of casual use the product would not start up past the Archos welcome screen.  After 3 attempts at getting the RMA department to get my address information correct for a RMA, I then sent the product in early Jan 2006.  After a week I received an email from the service department to notify me that the repair would cost $80 without a proof of purchase (PoP) within a year that it was received my their department.  No problem since the product broke after a week of use, so it was well within Archos 1 yr warranty.  I first attempted to send the PoP by email to the department without any luck.  I then faxed the PoP to the RMA department on four separate dates.  Each time I called the RMA department the status of my RMA was still "Waiting on PoP."  I was told many times that RMA department manager was looking into the issue and that he would call me back.  I began to get sick of hearing that a manager would call me back.  After several attempts to actually speak to one of these managers I finally talked to Paul.  Paul gave me his email address at Archos so that I could email the PoP directly to him.    Paul also explained to me that the Service department had been moved to another location.  This was the first time I had heard of this information.  He also explained that the Service department had just started shipping out repaired items in the last couple of weeks.  This is April now.  No wonder the RMA department was never getting my PoP to the Service department.  The Service department did not exist at the time.  What kind of RMA department has no idea that their Service department is not operational?  Also, what kind of company closes their Service department to move it to another location?  Archos.  So, I start to feel like things are going to be moving.  The next time I call the RMA department I find that my product is fixed but has not been shipped out.  You would think that their Service department would ship the items they've had their inventory the longest, first.  Not Archos.  I'm still waiting on my product.  That's right its now 11 May 2006.  My current status of my RMA is that a Archos RMA department manager is looking into it and will call me back.  Do not waste your time with this product.    

- The instruction manual that comes with this VIBE player is worthless. I've written tecnical support twice and the reply always starts out "using the VIBE is really quite simple"...if it were "quite simple,"  I wouldn't have written to ask for help. I've had a techno-savy friends try to get this player to work with no luck. We can get the vocie recorder and radio to work without a problem but I can only get 2 out of 6 music files to play. I wish I had saved the money I spent on this and applied it to a more user friendly player  

- The device worked well and was a joy to use. For about two months. It then refused to turn on. I had to send it back to Archos. About a month later I receive a replacement. The replacement had a shoddy D-pad and couldn't recharge. Obviously nobody even checked to see if it worked before sending it to me. Had to send it back. It's been about 5 weeks so far and I have to keep calling, listening to some lady who only works there 2 days a week complain about all the problems they have with the warehouse. I regret this purchase more than anything I've ever bought.  

- I recieved my Gmini 402 as a gift a year ago.  After only a few months it had already broken (the headphone jack broke).  Though I sent it in and had it repaired, when it came back it could now only hold 18.3 gb rather than 20gb!  I called customer service (finding the number was an almost impossible feat) and the person on the line dismissed me saying that I didn't know anything and that nothing was wrong.   I find it a difficult gadget to use and it takes a long time to find what you're looking for.  The more you have in it, the longer it takes to find the song/album you're looking for.  The video screen is just to small to be practical and it only plays files that are supported by Windows Media Player so forget about any RealMedia or Quicktime files you may have. I would not recomend Archos as a company to buy anything from. And I certainly would not recomend this product to anyone.  Period.  

- I bought this Mp3 player as something cheap to use while skiing so I wouldn't have to use my expensive one and risk breaking it. I wouldn't recommend this product to anybody. 256MB is only about 50 songs, which you have to scroll through yourself. There is no menu to find certain songs you want to listen to. After a few weeks, mine started speaking giberish. If I went to the menu, it would look something like SJ#$#@^%(JFS. The battery time is only a few hours, and the USB connection is something I've never seen before. If you lose the cable, as I did, somehow, then there's no way to use it again. I've been trying to look online for something similar to it but I just can't find one.  

- I bought this mp3 player just after Christmas. It worked great at first but slowly the battery started to fail. Eventually, it would not hold a charge at all, I would let it charge all night and it would only run for about 15 seconds before powering down.  I called Philips and was told it only had a 3 month warranty. A $100 plus mp3 player and it only lasts for a few months?  

- I bought 4 units of this product as Christmas gifts for myself, my wife and teenage kids.  Three of them died within the first two months of very light use.  I was successful in returning two of the units for a full refund, however, I'm stuck with one dead unit, and waiting for the fourth to die any day now.  I got replacement iPod shuffles for the kids. The iPods have performed flawlessly for a number of months.  

- I have bought this MP3 player a month ago and I have been using it daily while driving to work, This player is a pain to use even without driving a car at the same time.   These are the design flaws that I found:  1. Very small wheel used to change volume and advance through the songs This kind of input device would be very good (see the wheel on the iPod) if only it were not so small. My fingers are long and relatively thin, yet this wheel is completely covered by my thumb with some room to spare.  This wheel is hard to use.  2.The headphone ear plugs are big (think elephant ears big) The plugs keep falling from my ears although I have normal ears.  3. The shuffle feature is broken Once you turn off your player and turn it back on you will keep hearing the same songs again. In other words this player does not store the names of the songs already listened to. You have to shuffle your songs in some way before you get them onto the player.  In conclusion, buy this player if you have tiny fingers, huge ears and lots of patience.  

- The color is great, blue light is definitely sexy.  Touch navigation was sensitive and easy to use.  Uploading music was a breeze.  Sound was great, even the color display was equal to my cell phone.  Options for saving battery life (backlight timing, skin options, etc) nice touch.  Slipped right into my pocket while shopping.  Well all that is past tense because today (the 3rd day) I attempt to turn it on to fully discharge the battery before recharging and it will not even power up.  I figure it was in need of charging, so I plug it in to the wall... no life.  Change outlets, no life.  I plug it into the USB and it shows nothing.  I'm so sad.  I love this little thing and now I may have to get an iPod which makes me feel like a sell out.  If anyone else had this problem and it is easily fixed, drop me a line.  I want to keep it, but only if it will work.  

- Ok, I give it to Philips for the killer good design: this thing looks awesome; i.e. if you like looking at mp3 players, buy it.  However, if you actually like listening to music, go buy a 20$ CD player from Wal-Mart, it will do a better job.  First, the sound is horrible: I bet that the earbuds are to blame (yeah, they look really cool too, but sound like crap), but never got to really buying an upgrade.  Second, the installation software won't even run, unless you have your XP upgraded with every patch imaginable: annoying.  Third, during the very first load, after getting about 130 songs on it, the device froze. I restarted it, added about 40 more and left on a vacation the next day. Guess what? When I turned it on, I had only the last 40 songs on it...   Finally, the device crashed for no reason whatsoever after being turned on and off three times and it took me about 20 minutes to reboot it.  I returned it after 5 days and do not plan on buying another Philips mp3 player any time soon: it's a pitty, it is the best looking player I have seen. It also has three times the capacity of similarly priced players, stores pictures, and has an FM tuner... If the designers would stay and the programmers at Philips would be fired, I would wait in line to get their next product.  

- the one star is because i cant give a negative i bought this mp3 thinking it would be awesome. 6 gigs, color screen, touch sensitive...for 200 dollars too good to be true, and it is. ive had 2 of these players. the fisrt: i loaded my songs, around 600 or so, and let it charge for around half an hour, i admit-a bad idea, but it powered and the battery showed half full, so i took it with me to a friends house to listen to. after about 15 minutes, i turned it off. a little later when i wanted to turn it on it would not come on. i tried charging it over night, it still wouldnt power. so the next day i returned it and got a second player. i charged it for the recommmended five hours, plus one for good luck, and put all my songs on it again. this player worked fine for about a week. until the exact thing happened as did with the first. i went to turn it on, after listening to it less than an hour before, and it would power up. so i brought it home, charged it for about an hour and it still wouldnt work.  the moral of the story....philips isnt as good as i had expected, although the headphones are nice, and the touch sensitive is cool.....it doesnt work, atleast mine didnt. please try to find anothr alternative...  

- Happy with the service but the product has been giving us problems. It has problems finding the computer and doesn't work half the time.  

- the thing began to malfunction 2 months after i bought it. when i called to complain, they would give me instructions that never worked... well i just switched to different problems every time.   it freezes all the time and i have to reset it, the screen goes black randomly, it's slow to respond, the battery doesn't last long anymore. oh, and the rubber things always come off the earphones so i had to buy new ones by sony.  i've had it for 1 year and a half and it won't sync with my computer on any program anymore. i tried repairing it with the device manager it comes with, but it never works. there's a wall between the player and my computer.  i'm buying an ipod as soon as i can afford it. you should too!  

- Though I am not prone to writing these kinds of things I thought I'd better after my recent experience with Archos.  This company, hands down has the worst costumer service I've ever had to deal with.  You be the judge.  I bought a Gmini 200 last Feburary.  It worked ok but froze up alot.  Then in Oct. it wouldn't charge any more.  After a few calls and e-mails I get an RMA and send it back.  One month later a replacement arrives.  Two months later the hard drive on this one goes.  I loose everything.  A few more phone calls to their costumer service and I get another RMA and send it back.  For the next month I must have called at least 10 times about the player.  Each time I'm on hold for a minimum of 45 minutes.  When I do get through I get all kinds of confusion about my player.  A couple of times they have no record of receiving the player.  They loose me in their system.  They tell me three times that they are sending a new one and will e-mail me.  They don't and it never arrives.  Finally, fed up I request a supervisor.  He's sympathetic, apologizes and says for my troubles he will send me an upgrade to the Gmini 400.  Weeks go by and yet I call but no player.  I'm told they are on back order.  Finally nearly two months since sending it back the second time my new player arrives.  And oh, by the way it's not the upgraded player I was told they were sending.  So for the year thay I owned the Gmini 200 I've had it in my possession for nine months.  Since the warranty has now expired I asked if they would extend it.  They said sure, no problem, we'll send you an e-mail confirming.  Well that's been two weeks ago and I've given up any hope.    Sometimes a product is only as good as it's costumer service.  I've learned my lesson with Archos and only hope people will read and consider this if thinking about spending their hard earned money on such incompetence.  Read about others at www.archossucks.com       

- Just returned my second AV500.  First one would not charge / turn on. Technical support told me to exchange it.   Second AV500 seemed to work but had to use TV pod to get A/V in (awkward). Then after recording a video file I was not able to transfer it to my computer. Small files will transfer but not the larger one. Technical support was not able to explain the error message shown. Tested on multiple computers.... lost important video footage. Gave up.  

- I bought my AV500 in May from Amazon.  It worked well until early July when the external sound from the built in speakers went out on the unit.  I called Archos Technical Support. They told me it was a hardware problem, that I would need to send it back for repair and that they would email me an RMA with return instructions in two days. Two weeks and multiple emails and phone calls later, I still don't have an RMA with instructions on how to send the unit back for repair.  Archos keeps telling me how sorry they are for the inconvenience and that they are continuing to look into why the warehouse hasn't contacted me. Customer returns are a routine function of most businesses.  There is no justifiable reason why a customer should be kept waiting over two weeks and counting just to get instructions on how to make a return.  This is the first and last Archos product I will buy.  Customer support is a critical component in selling a complex and expensive product like the AV500.  In my opinion, Archos' customer service is essentially non-existent.  Given Archos' demonstrated lack of customer service, I am now concerned that if I ever do get the chance to send the unit back for repair, I will never see it again.  Archos could learn a few things from Amazon which has the best customer service I have ever seen. I buy a great deal from Amazon even though they are often not the lowest priced precisely because of their great customer service.    The picture and video quality of the Archos are excellent.  However, I found the dedicated A/V cables too short to easily connect to the TV.  Recording video on the AV500 is not a simple process for people who are not technologically sophisticated. The instructions for recording off the TV are not helpful unless you have the exact hardware setup described in the written and video instructions Archos provides.    

- If you are looking for a DVR that you can use with your Home AV system and take on the road, save your money and do not buy this device.  The menuing system is HORRIBLE.  Why they invented button icons instead of using standard conventions is beyond me.  There should be one SELECT button, but there are several, depending upon which menu you are in.  Just changing the sound from headphones to internal speaker is difficult.  The internal speaker is OFF when it looks like it is on, and ON when it looks like it is off.  You must also keep movie file size around 1gb or the playback will only show up to that point!  Hooking it up to a home system works, but can be tricky depending upon the number of inputs you have on your home theater system.  It is a cool device, but the drawbacks make it not worth the price.  I'm a total techie, and this device stays in a drawer because it is just too difficult to work the device.    

- Buyer beware...this is a horrible company...check the BBB of Miami site and you will see how many complaints this company has filed against it. They will not give any customer service not allow you to speak to a supervisor and most certainly tell you that even if your product is defective thet cannot refund. Had to write to the BBB myself to get a refund on a laptop that had not worked from day 1 or after sending to the repair center 5 times, also they replaced laptop with a new system that did not work out of the box either. They finally agreed to refund my money after several letters to BBB they received product back over 2 weeks ago and still haven't receive my money back. Deal with this shady company at your own risk.  

- Alien ware needs to stick with making expensive PC's and laptops.  They should avoid making mp3 players, because it sucks so bad.    I got my AW ce-iv2 from an other site.    Here are a list of things for the aliens to work on.  1) it feels crappy in your hands (made from cheap plastic) 2) the battery life sucks.  (be sure to get rechargable batteries) 3) The back cover needs to be removed to access the SD card slot 4) After a little use the back cover just falls off. 5) Headphones suck and are not very durable. 5) Ther is not way to go to a specific song with out skipping through all the songs.   6) Scratches very easily.   7) Headphones fall of your ear if you dont stay still like a statue.   8) Voice recording is very weak. 9) This mp3 player shold be priced under $50 because it's crap. 10) FM radio--bad reception  Final conclusion  Dont buy it.  IT might come in a cool alienware casing but its a  SPACE TRASH.    

- Buyer beware...this is a horrible company...check the BBB of Miami site and you will see how many complaints this company has filed against it. They will not give any customer service not allow you to speak to a supervisor and most certainly tell you that even if your product is defective thet cannot refund. Had to write to the BBB myself to get a refund on a laptop that had not worked from day 1 or after sending to the repair center 5 times, also they replaced laptop with a new system that did not work out of the box either. They finally agreed to refund my money after several letters to BBB they received product back over 2 weeks ago and still haven't receive my money back. Deal with this shady company at your own risk.   

- The first time I used my Transcend box for photo storage was on a three week trip to Alaska.  The device performed perfectly and enabled me to take 700 photos with two .514 gb memory cards.  I was thrilled with it.  The second time we used the device, we took it on a trip to Africa.  We brought only two memory cards with us since this method worked so well the first time.  Unfortunely, the transformer died on our first day and I could not buy additional cards in Africa to fit our camera.  I spent a whole vacation day tracking down a Kodak shop in Nairobi to transfer my pictures to CD so I could reuse my memory cards.  I have since learned that the cheap transformer plug was to blame and I have not been able to replace it with anything since.  I was told to go to Radio Shack but they have nothing there that can be adapted to the Transcend Box.  I have the choice of buying another complete Transcend box with transformer (which I certainly WILL NOT do) or throwing the whole thing away.  I'm really annoyed.  

- I bought this radio and returned i tthe very next day, why? because they force you to buy all the music from their Connect.com website. I had 50 songs on my windows media player and some songs I bought off walmart.com for .88  NONE were compatible with the MP3. they were in either wma or wav format which it "says" it can convert but it never did, it always stayed on 0% when converting, I ended up calling their customer support the next morning and they told me no song that was copywrite protected could be downloaded (even if I paid for it legally on walmart.com) I would have to re-buy all my songs through their site for them to be compatible. I returned it and bought a RCA that is compatible with my windows media player.  

- At first, I got it for christmas, and it was great, great sound and great all around. Then my first problem came, I couldn't download ANY songs off the conect store and the support team was no help what so ever. And then a couple days ago, I dropped it on the ground maybe a 2 foot drop and it will not turn on. So know I am going to buy a new mp3, and it won't be a bean!  

- I bought the bean just before I had my first baby thinking it would be great to have in the hospital.  Boy was I wrong.  I brought it home and tried to install the software onto my computer.  The program kept canceling the installation process and when I went online to get the so called patch it did nothing to help me.  NONE of the music that I had PAID for and downloaded onto my computer were compatable with the SonicStage.  I became very frustrated and deleted the whole thing off my computer and returned it.  When I went to return it the lady told me that it sounded like I got a corrupt disc, which I bought her story and exchanged it for a new bean. Same thing happened, I couldn't get the program to complete the installation process and took the whole thing back AGAIN to Target.  Definately a waste of my time.  The player looks cute and is nice in your hand but definately not worth the hassle it has with it.  Don't waste your time in my opinion.  

- This is my second mp3 player; I had an inexpensive Creative that was easy to use and nicely designed but it stopped working after about six months.  I figured I'd try a Sony.  I should have done my homework first.  This unit is flimsy, the design is awkward.  You have to use Sony's Sonic Stage to transfer files and it takes forever. Not compatable with itunes.  I'm not a tech person but from what I can gather, it's really for playing Atrac files, not mp3.  I tried to convert my mp3 files to Atrac using Sonic Stage but this only worked 50% of the time - (maybe I was doing something wrong but I invested about 3 hours and still couldn't get half my files to play.)   This is just a white elephant.  Make sure you know what you're buying before you get this.  

- Bought for great price and radio worked well.  Then product quit turning on.  Even if it isn't broken, you must install large software package to your computer.  Took forever to import my songs onto special software and convert to ATRAC.  Software is unstable with enhanced CDs.  

- This item is very flimsy.  I bought two of these. One for each of my older teenage sons.  I did not realize at the time that I bought them that A) The only way to charge them was plugged into a computer, and B) there was NO carrying case available for them.  They have had them for three weeks now and already one has fallen from a coat pocket to the floor.  A waist height drop should not destroy modern  electronics, but this one is now destroyed.  In addition, it does not truly play MP3's.  You MUST use their software to put music on the player.  You also must register the player in order to use the player on more than one computer.  I have several computers networked at my house, and SONY does not need all my personal info.  So, in order to go from one computer to the next, the player must be wiped before reloading music on it.  On a positive note, before it was dropped, the sound quality was good.  That is the only good thing I can say about it.  If they would market it with a belt carrying case, or an armband case, it might be worth the risk of carrying around.  However, as a stand alone, it is a little too expensive to risk falling out of your pocket.  

- I got this player as a gift.  Sony requires me to install the Sonic Forge software in order to use the music player.  My mp3 files were transferred OK, but some of them do not play on the music player.  No explainations were issued, except a "no play" message.  No mp4 files support either, which means music downloaded from Apple music store are not playable.  

- The only way to power this mp3 is to plug it into a computer. If your battery is low, you must get your computer NOT another battery, or battery charger to fully charge the Network Walkman. The cost of running a computer for power of a Walkman is Madness. It's cheaper to buy a lot of new batteries or a battery charger. It just so happens that the power company and the vga monitor, etc... does not support the Bean. The sliding cover is difficult to control, since it acts as part of the charging, playback and hold options. The Bean design is to hold in your hand palm between fingers. If you put it in your pocket, there goes that sliding cover. So one should walk around holding the bean in their hand. When I charged the bean and left it unused for a couple weeks, it discharged fully and I needed my vga monitor, Intel processor chip, the mother board, USB port, power supply etc...computer again. It also has a very unfriendly user interface. No neck strap (except China model)  

- This Bean should not be allowed to carry the legendary Sony Walkman title. This thing is awful! The proprietary software wont allow you to play the MP3 files on another computer, you can upload MP3s without using the software to transfer files, but the Bean wont let you play them. Also whoever signed off on the design should have their head checked, I dont mean the bean shape, I'm talking about the clasp/mode-selector/flappy thingy...its flimsy and breaks easily. When it gets bent outta place through normal use, it is ABSOLUTELY INFURIATING to try to find the files, folders and to even switch it off! Forget it and save your beans for something else.  

- Hardware awesome, software a flop. Since you HAVE to use their software the package is destroyed. I will give you the final nail on the coffin for me. I tried to put Podcasts on the device using the latest SonicStage 4. No chance. It wants to be able to find each "artist" in the Sony library. This was bad for the odd bit of music it could not find but obviously it can not find the podcasts in their library.  I had bought one of these and had considered one for the girlfriend - no chance now. Shame as the hardware was A1.  (if you don't believe SonicStage is B A D then google it up or look at the other Sony player reviews since they all use the same SonicStage)  

- The Sony Bean is junk; the access door is weak and breaks easily. Mine broke after using for 2 months, the warranty is 3 months but since this was a Christmas present, the warranty had expired. Sony offered to do a exchange for the unit at a price that exceed the purchase price by $30. I would never purchase a Sony Bean again. Additionally I am very disappointed is Sony's proposed resolution to the issue.  I now have an Ipod - it works great   

- Buying this product was a huge mistake.  I urge you to refrain from buying any type of Sony product that uses Sony Connect.  It is the worst software when it comes to adding music to the player.   The player itself was okay, great battery life, so-so screen, great idea with the USB connect.  All of this is washed out because of Sony Connect.  It makes adding music to the player because of share rights.  Basically CD's that you own and burn to your computer are useless.  Customer service is terrible.  That's right Sony, I am calling you out of your hole.  I will never buy another Sony product (which I consider their other proucts great) because of my distaste for Sony Connect. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.  I HATE YOU SONY!  

- This MP3 player is trash. The battery dies every other day. Half the time it shuts off for no reason. Can not get the voice recorder to even work. It holds the songs and it sounds great when it actually works.  

- i got this for 19.99, since it was cheap it bought it...  first day test try: it was fine second day: there's couple of white lines show up on the screen...ok... third day: the player keep auto turn off for no reason at all!!   also...it eats the battery life..last me only around 4 hours..continuous playing it.  as the saying goes...there's a reason why it's so cheap... >.&lt;  

- I give this product a one star rating because there's no option for zero. Got one for myself and my husband and as soon as it arrived I immediately put it to use. it was working great, i even fell asleep listening to it, up till the following morning when i changed the battery and then the damn thing wouldn't play. It got stuck at menu and non of the buttons were working  worst of all it wouldn't turn on at all after an hour no matter how many batteries i replaced it with. This product is not worth $39.99, a dollar or even this web page that it's on. will never try an off brand again.   

- I bought this same MP3 player, only it was marketed under a different name. It worked awesome for about two months and then started shutting itself off and on continually until the battery dies. When I called tech support they essentially said "tough luck." Mine looks EXACTLY the same but is silver and has the manufacturers name "Kanguru." I wouldn't recommend it and I hope that the Coby 2GB that I'm thinking to buy doesn't do the same thing to me.   

- I was satisfied with the product - until I actually used it in the real world. The second day I carried it in my pocket (with nothing but my cell phone knocking against it), the glass screen cracked and broke apart. In my pocket. Guess what happened when I reached my hand into my pocket which now had bits of broken glass into it?  The third day I was using the Machspeed Trio was when it died. I put some documents onto the drive and went to Kinkos to get them printed. When I gave the clerk the drive, he was unable to get information off it. He couldn't even get it to register in the computer. He tried it in four different computers, and none of them worked. He gave it back to me, and I couldn't even get it to turn on. I changed the batteries - no good. It just died.  Thanks, Machspeed Trio. I really enjoyed your product for about 18 hours. But $30 for 18 hours isn't enough.  Please don't buy this product.  

- I loved this PSA player, and then it stopped working two weeks after I received it.  The computer software could not recognize the player and made changing the music impossible.  Also, the player stopped working.  I found out, dealing with Sonic Blue customer service is a NIGHTMARE.  It looks as if I MAY get a new player 1 to 1.5 months after I returned it due to lack of stock on their part.  The player itself was sleek, and easy to use, but<br>eats batteries fast.  Rechargeables are needed to make it cost effective.  All in all, the player is a good design, Sonis Blue and their warranty/customer service get a zero for their help and support.  

- My player worked well for the first 2 months.  Unfortunately, I also had a lot of difficulty with my computer recognizing my player due to driver problems.  Dealing with Rio/Sonic Blue customer service is a joke.  I had to pay...just to speak to a technician and, at the end of the session, NOTHING was resolved.  I would seriously consider another player.  

- ALL I HAVE TO SAY IS IT BROKE IN A MONTH<br>NOT MY FAULT AT ALL  

- Lightweight.  Easy to use.  And truly a piece of garbage.  I used it only three times (while running) before it went kablooey.  Waste of money (which I am now trying to get back).  Spend the cash.  Get a decent one.  NOT this one.  

- This product will not let you drag and drop mp3 files into the mp3 player like every other mp3 player on the planet. It makes you convert your mp3 using their software to do it. Most of my mp3 library will not transfer over. I bought a Scandisk and every file went in with no problem and plays great. Sony if you were trying to make a product that sucks, well you succeeded.  

- Unlike a couple of others, I have found this product to be rather undurable. I don't know what the deal is - perhaps a problem with the battery housing - but I now need to hold the thing steady in my hand while working out or else the power shuts off. Also, the shuffle feature is horrible: The same sequence of songs is repeated over and over again rather than a true random sequence being generated. And as others have said, adding and changing songs on the player is slightly cumbersome. I'm now in the market for a new player.  

- I had an iPod Mini.  It died with no hard use in 11 months.  I bought this Samsung player at Best Buy for [...].  The player's navigation keys weren't quite as good as the iPod clickwheel.  The memory is tiny for a player that can do so much.  I like the addition of FM radio and games.  Here's the problem.  When only  28 days old, the screen died.  I used it about as much as my iPod Mini, which is not very much.  The earbuds are mediocre, the navigation buttons pale in comparision, and it's reliability is awful.  I was also annoyed because the price on the 1 gig Nano went down $50.  I got a full refund and went to Walmart.  For only $85, I bought a Sandisk Sansa m240 with 1 gig.  That's right, I gave up the color screen and games, but got twice the memory and saved $65.  I have had my Sandisk for over 3 months.  I use it everyday at school in homeroom and run with it on our treadmill for 30 minutes everyday.  This player was used more in a week than the others were ever used in half a month.  I was going to say a month, but the Samsung YP-T8 didn't even last that long.  Don't buy the Samsung YP-T8.  It pales in comparison to the iPod, the iRiver Clix, the Creative Zen V Plus, and even the cheaper Sandisk Sansa m200 series.  Actually, this pales in comparison to just about any mp3 player on the market.  

- I was looking to save my 10 year old son some of his birthday money so I shopped around for the best deal I could find. The Samsung YP-T8X 512 MB Music and Movie Player was the best deal I found with all the features he wanted. The Samsung is a nice looking gadget with all the bells and whistles but it's feature are hard to use. The software that operates the music downloads is not user friendly. When the program is opened on your computer, the window opens bigger than my moniter. The buttons you need to click are not visable, therefore you need to drag the window up to access the buttons. As soon as you release the left click on the mouse, the window that moves the page up falls right back down, once again not allowing you access to the buttons you need to download music and videos.  In my opinion, spend a little more money and shop for a quality device with user friendly software.  

- I bought this based on reviews here and elsewhere.  I can justify the cost because the unit accepts an external micorphone-- something I need since I do a lot of interviewing.  The voice recording quality is excellent.  Not quite as good as my Sony MD recorder but then I don't have to up load my files in real time.  But for music... this is a very weak player.  I tested with four different kinds of head phones including the supplied ear buds.  No matter how I adjusted the sound controls the tone is either flat or excessively tinny to the point that it hurts.  For $195 with tax this is probably going to go back to the store.  I'll try the iRiver next.    

- the device itself is very nice and packs interesting features,. The accompanying instructions and software, I bet that the peoples who developped it were working out of their backyard. It's simply worth a shiiitttt.  

- This is a great unit with a MAJOR design flaw that nobody talks about.  The BATTERY IS IRREPLACEABLE!!!!!  It is a lithium ion so if you made the mistake of buying one don't let the battery drain completely--it prematurely ages it.  I'm appalled I made the mistake of buying one!!  It is virtually a disposable mp3 player!!!  

- I had problems as soon as I opened the box. The player keeps freezing during play, data becomes corrupt, the sound is of poor quality, and advertising up to 20 movies storage space is not possible. The most I could ever get on my player was 5, and that was when the playback quality was set on low. I tried to have it serviced just 2 months into a 1 year "warranty" and they said it was going to cost me $150.00 to repair. If you purchase this product, you will be sorry!   

- I bought this item a few month ago, at the time on Archos' webpage for this item it claims you can attach a digital minicam to it and record live video clips, I have other devices that does exactly what Archos AV500 does, and 80% of the reason I bought AV500 is because of the minicam.  After I got the AV500, made sure everything works correctly, I placed an order via their web store for a digital minicam, now a few month later they sent me an email saying they are not selling the minicam anymore. Now, I didn't exactly check their webstore everyday, but I doubt that the digicam for AV500 was ever sold in the U.S., yet they advertise that item as a feature of AV500 on the U.S. website. And they are still selling PAL version of the digicam all over Europe.  The charger mysteriously stopped working after a month, actually it'd work for about 10 seconds right after you plug it in, then it'd stop charging, I am no expert but it looks like there is a bad capacitor in there, I didn't bother to look for the warrenty papers, instead I place an order online for the charger, that item, too... took them literally months to ship.  I don't have any problem with that product, it just that without the digicam they cheated out of me, it's just another personal DVR like the others I have... now it's just sitting there collecting dust.  

- I have purchased archos DVRs before and was looking forward to using the AV500. It is true that it has a very nice screen, and it plays the file types that I need. However, within a few days of purchase, the battery stopped taking a charge. After some fiddling, I reluctantly returned it to Archos. It came back after a few weeks, and I was very surprised to see that the content that I had on it was still there! What kind of fundamental repair was this, I wondered. In fact, the device exhibited exactly the same behavior as it had when I sent it out--literally nothing was changed. I reluctantly returned it again, and have been waiting six weeks for a fix. Their customer service is abysmal and keeps changing their story (next week, Christmas delay, etc.) I have now attempted to get a refund, and have been told by Amazon that my period for refund has expired. I have had the device for about two days in total and it hasn't worked, period. I am attempting to get a refund from archos and this really is not acceptable for a device this costly. Don't buy this.  

- I purchased this product as a Christmas present for my daughter.  Within a month after Christmas the battery failed to charge.  I contacted Archos and had to return the unit and not just the battery.  I was also informed that I would probably not get the same unit back.  I received a different unit that contained the previous owners recordings.  This took approximately 2.5 weeks.  Ten days after receiving the refurbished unit back, the hard drive failed.  I contacted customer support and requested that I receive a new unit and not a refurbished one.  I was informed that that was probably not possible.  I find this pretty poor support for a product with a price tag as high as this.  Because I am beyond the 30 day return period from Amazon I have no choice but to work with Archos.  I would not recommend this product or any Archos product for that matter and would warn future customers to purchase a different brand.  

- I could not get the songs to download to the MP3 player.  I followed the instructions word for word and it would not work.  The system froze and when I unplugged it from the USB cable it stopped working all together.  I attempted to contact Coby's customer service but you can not get through on their phone lines.  I finally emailed their technical center and received a generic response.  I continued to question them about the problems with connecting and downloading and COBY instructed me to return these to Amazon?!?!?!?!  

- I put it because one of the reviews here said the player came with a CD that had the Windows 98 driver. Well it didn't. And the driver at Coby's web site doesn't work. I installed it but Windows reports no driver. Fortunantly I bought it locally and can return it. But I'm agrreivated. Don't lie in reviews.  

- The COBY MP3 player I purcahsed worked fine at first, but it is very poorly constructed and the two halves are held together by 4 screw into very thin plastic ears which broke the first time it was dropped.  It still worked OK held together with tape, but now (3 mos.) the HDD is dead and therefore the whole thing is useless except as an FM radio (which does still work). Certainly NOT a robust product - better to get a flash ram one at nearly the same price!  

- When I first got this player I e-mailed tech support because I had a question and did not get a reply after two weeks.  Then, after 4 months of purchase (Coby warranty is only for 3 months), I got an "HDD Read Error" and all that worked was the radio player.  I managed to contact tech support and they told me that I need to buy a new player because mine is out of warranty. I searched the internet and found out that many people are getting the same error message as me. I cannot recommend this player.  

- I purchased this player for my daughter for Christmas.  It worked for about 1 hour, then it went blank and never revived.  It isn't even recognized by my computer. When I tried to e-mail Creative I get a long list of what I need to do to get this working.  I don't have time for this. My son has an Ipod and never had the trouble we've had with this.  Do not purchase this item  

- I had a similiar experience as another reviewer with this item. I purchased this player for my wife for Christmas. The player worked very briefly, then it went blank. It never worked again and I returned it for a refund.  

- My son has been downloading music on this since he got it Christmas Day and he's used up all of his space at about 240 songs.  The Amazon ad neglects to mention that it depends on the size of the song that you're downloading.  You'd have to download some awful small songs to reach 500 (or even close to it).  Also, he hasn't even put pictures on this thing and still all the room is taken up!!  Not happy with this one.  I would recommend the 2 GB Zen if you want to get 500 songs on it!  

- I purchased this 3 months ago and have been using it nonstop since. Unfortunately, after dropping it the thing no longer works, so it isn't very sturdy. The screen is bigger and it is much more watchable than the video iPod. One thing that really sucked about it (besides breaking down on me) was that the mp3 part of it was annoying. If you were listening to music and then watched a video, when you went back to pick up listening to your music you would have to start completely over in your playlist or annoyingly have to scroll down until you found your place.  Anyways, overall I loved this thing while it worked, but definitely won't be buying another one! I don't want to spend $200 bucks on something that just breaks so easily.  

- After doing quite a bit of research, I settled on this mp3 player as the "big" gift for my daughter this Christmas. She was thrilled to open it Christmas morning, and we immediately loaded a few cds on the device so she could enjoy it. By Christmas evening...I was having problems. As she attempted to load a couple more cds, the computer could not recognize the device any longer. I went to the creative website and went through the troublshooting. I immediately was downloading "patches" and fixes" and "firmware" updates. When it was over, the device worked! Great! I solved the problem. Surely it will be a smooth ride from here. It just needed an update. Wrong! The device worked smoothly for about a week afterward when it started to freeze. Once frozen, it reverted back to the orginal problem of the computer not recognizing it. As other reviews have mentioned, the only way to unfreeze this device is to jam a bent safety pin into the side of it and hope that works, or wait until the battery dies completely and try again. So, now I have a device that freezes within minutes of getting it running and my computer won't recognize it.  My story isn't over yet. I still have to attempt to get customer service from Creative. Based on other reviews, it looks like that will require a phone call to a foreign land where they will no doubt want me to spend an hour asking me to download the same "patches, "fixes", and firmware. I just want my money back.  So...if you're looking for an mp3 player that you will need to dedicate three hours of tech support per week to and will work half the time after doign so...this is probably the one for you. Otherwise, look for something else.   

- as usual, it doesn't work with windows,please dont waste your money,i'm from mexico and my problem is worst because i cant get my money back,so you better try with another mp3 ,no CREATIVE.  

- After my trusty Archos player's display broke, I figured I upgrade and get me a 60GB iAudio X5. As a journalist doing interviews, I was also very giddy to get the line-in to record interviews straight to mp3. A friend of mine loves his player, so I didn't even flinch when I saw the price.  Ever since then I regret my decision.  Apparently my player has a software problem. It speeds up all my mp3 files. I tried several different programs to rip the mp3s and always got the same thing. That is when I was actually able to upload mp3s, because oftentimes I received error messages and the player refused to do as told.  So what then: Upgrade the firmware. Sure. If you can make it work and I couldn't. The description online is poorly written. But it's essentially like this: Start with a fully loaded battery. Unplug the A/C cabel and unpload the Firmware. Now replug the A/C cable and that should tell the player to update the firmware. Well all it does is conclude that the battery isn't full anymore so it better recharges and does nothing else.  I.e. I couldn't get the firmware to update and I tried for the last hour.  Therefore I'll take the player back to the store and ask for a refund. And I'll get another Archos - and continue to live with its misely 20GB.  

- After careful consideration of sites like Napster and other download music file "To-Go" types. The iAudioX5 will not be recognized or music files(DRM)will not play. Even when the firmware is upgraded to 2.11_b1. Also if you have Windows XP the drive has to be formatted in FAT32 and the max partition is 32G leaving a wasted partition that the iAudioX5 firmware will not use for file storage because it is designed for a single partition. So if you need to "wipe" the iAudioX5 drive Windows 98(SE)can do this upto 2T in FAT32 or a third party software on Windows XP OS (although it needs to port through USB2.0 as well). NTFS formatting will not work! as the firmware is written to look at FAT32 sectors. Other than that this unit has many features and functionality that surpasses any iPOD!  

- Malfunctions: 1. The port for connecting to a PC became loose and unreliable, frequently disconnecting while I was trying to transfer music. 2. The little knob stopped working properly:  it was no longer possible to fast-forward. 3. Finally, the screen cracked for me and no longer displayed anything.  Design issues: It would be nice to be able to access music by ID3 tag (i.e. artist, genre, song title). It takes a long time to start up, generally ~20 seconds but up to ~2 minutes if you just changed the music on it. It's nice that you can delete music on the player without having to connect it to a computer, for instance if you have it on shuffle and you come across something that you never want to hear again.  However, the interface to do this was so inconvenient (including audio playback stopping and long lag times) that I rarely used this feature in practice. The earbuds that come with it didn't stay in my ears well; I bought new ones.  Good things: I loved the fact that it had an FM radio and a voice recorder (the reasons that I bought it). It's easy to access the hard drive from any computer, without any software needed. The large storage capacity proved fully necessary. You can change playback modes with a single button press (shuffle versus ordered, all songs versus current folder only).  My basis for comparison:  I've also owned a Creative Zen Jukebox (which I liked a lot but which I sold because I wanted the FM radio and voice recorder on the iAudio) and, currently, a used fourth generation iPod, which has been working well so far except for some occasional quirks.  

- It looks like the best player ever made. Until, of course, the warranty expires.   And then we find out everything wrong with it...  It scratches more easily than you would believe.  Every new album I've put on it has blanked out the entire player and made me have to format it and resync my entire library.  It holds nothing like 1GB of songs. More like 900 MB. It records so quietly you can hardly hear it.  The earbuds hardly work.   I would not buy this again, given 70 bucks. I would go for a completely different brand, different model. And next time I won't be fooled by 4 glowing reviews.   

- This item was returned to the manufacturer. It was great to look at and had wonderful sound. The graphics were really good but overall it's a poorly made unit. There's a lot better buys out there than this one.  

- I bought this mini MP3 a while ago and loved it. Good radio, nice sound quality, and beautiful graphics. But then, it became possesed and said I needed to "re-sync every freakin' song to listen." ?!! RE-SYNC?!!!! I ALREADY SYNCED IT, I CAN'T DO IT AGAIN!!! So, I format it and attempt to download again, but the software rejects it once again. I get mad and break it accidentaly, and then I lose the stupid thing it's so small. Take my advice, avoid the un-neccasary anger and don't buy it. There's lots of other good quality MP3's out there, this ain't one of em.  

- If the battery worked I would rate this unit a near 5. I really like this player and I wish Samsung could fix it. If the battery drains completely the player can't be recharged and will not turn on. I've sent this player back to Samsung 3 times for this problem. Samsung returns the unit, after 3-4 weeks, working and fully recharged but the problem happens all over again. Now it has happened for a 4th time. Samsung is either unable or unwilling to fix it. I'm stuck with a lemon.  

- Like ther other cases my DJ 20 lasted only one year ans to quote Dell rep. "Your DJ has died and cannot be repaired" you can buy a replacement for $150.00. Sad thing is that it was the SECOND Dj that they had sent me that died and it froze up like the other ones you have read about. These units have a manufactures defect..don't buy them, like other Dell products ...junk.  

- I bought a version of this for my 15 year old son about a year ago. We bought the Dell Pocket DJ and there has been problem after problem with it. When the first one arriaved, the volume could not ajust. It stayed on one value, which only dogs could hear. The second one we got worked for a while and we thought it was ok, but then later, the play button did not work. We sent that in to get a new one, only to find out they discontinued it, and any one we got for fixing would be refurbished. Ok, fine. The third one could not hold it's charge. The battery did not last as long as it should. My son would turn it off at night, and in the morning the battery would be dead. The fourth one we got was ok for a while. Then, one day the songs just stopped tranfering from the computer to the mp3 player. We went to tech support. It said to enter the serial code. It said it was located under the barcode. Only one problem, the barcode and everything on that sticker had been wiped after repeated use. We could not get tech support for it. I decided to call customer serivce and ask how to get tech support without a serial number. All tha lady did was give us the number for tech support. No help at all. Later on the tranfering worked, but for a month it did not. My adivce :don't buy any Dell DJ  

- Dell should stick with its dayjob: PCs & printers. Portable music devices, is just NOT their thing. I first bought the Dell DJ 5G: endless problems with it - every problem you could think of. I have made numerous phone calls to their tech support, spent HOURS trying to repair it - FIVE UNITS LATER, they sent me the Dell 20 (the price went down, which was equal to the original price I paid).  So - I have the Dell 20g, and it DOES NOT work with Napster. I have spent HOURS with Napster tech support - uninstalled and reinstalled Napster, DRM files, Windows Media Player; everything they told me to do - twice over.  It does not work. I would NOT recommend ANY OF DELL'S pocket DJ's. You can have mine for free!  If you know of where I can get a) a new player and b) an online subscription To-Go, with a portable device, I'd appreciate your recommendation.  Thank you. -Rebecca  New York rebeccany30@yahoo.com  

- Why buy a Dell DJ when you can buy a ipod. An ipod is a sleek cool device and its popular. Do u see people or kids walking aroung with a dell dj? NO! you mostly find someone having a ipod.  PLus! ipod has itunes to go with it. If you ask me i think dell should stink with its comp and printers. NOT MADE FOR MP3 PLAYERS!  

- I got a Dell DJ in the spring of 2004.  It was a great little MP3 player with long battery life and good audio.  It wasn't long after I had it until the headphones that came with the DJ got a short in them and quit playing.  So I contacted Dell support and they sent me another pair ASAP only to have them do the exact same thing.  The plastic around the plug is very cheaply made and prone to cracking, which was the source of the problem.  Then one day in the spring of 2006 I was walking on the tread mill listening to my DJ when it suddenly stopped playing.  Something had went wrong with the hard drive and nothing I could do would make it work again.  So I tossed it in the trash and bought an iPod which was much better.  

- This product is compatible ONLY with Microsoft Windows XP.  Creative has really fallen short on what could have been a nice product by choosing to offer drivers for only one operating system.  If you have Windows 2000/ME/98, don't waste your time with this product.  There is absolutely no way to transfer files to it.  I had one, tried it, and sent it back for a refund.  

- I was really happy with my Zen Microphoto until it stopped working after less than two years. Creative offered me a new one for $150 (which is half what I paid for it), but I'll probably try to find one without built-in obsolescence. I think that a $300 device should last longer than that, and I wasn't impressed with Creative's after market support. My other big problem was I could never get it to work with Windows XP, although Vista seemed to support it OK.  

- This product is a piece of junk. Within a month the display started going and I had to reload the firmware. Just after one year, the player wouldn't work (kept starting in recovery mode). The online Creative knowledge base was of no help, and they would not help me further without charging me. Overly sensitive touch controls. Won't buy a Creative product again.   

- After purchasing this product almost three weeks ago I can say I am less than impressed. Build quality is cheap. The on board controls are sub par. The record quality is only servicable on VGA mode or better. Even on the small screen, QVGA is way too jerky. Don't buy this unit for the sole purpose of recording copy protected (MacroVision) material. Get a better product and put a Time Based Corrector (TBC) between source and recorder.  They market this thing as a PVR. It is not. First of all, I don't believe you can set up mulltiple recording sessions (you can set the one recording session to repeat daily or weekly). Second, and this may seem picky, but it really annoys me, is the lack of ability to schedule record time for the AV input. Why would you need this? When when the conversion utilities work slower than real time it is easier to just hook the unit to a dvd player and record the movies you want to take along. Unfortunately, you have to be there to shut the recorder off or you'll wind up recording hours of the DVD menu which you can't edit out on the device.  But to me the most critical shortcomings lie in the unit as an MP3 jukebox. Yes, with a line like: "MPM-201 lets you store and manage a lot of your favorite songs" , it is being marketed as an MP3 jukebox as well. As such, I bought it to have access to my music collection on my boat. Unfortunately, not only is the unit devoid of any playlist or ID3 support, but what others have failed to mention is that the MPM201 cannot even continue playing an MP3 track while browsing the music collection. Cheap CD-R, and flash players are capable of this level of multitasking. Hell, even my last two cell phones would let me browse my music files while they played music. Imagine hosting a party when somone asks you to play a sepcific song. After two minutes of silence browsing throguh 30GB of music, wham! There it is!  It's a great idea, good price point, and a rich feature set. Unfortunately the marketing executives probably listened to what the public wanted, generalized the feature set, then left it to the R&D department to design the unit in a vaccuum. Then perhaps the unit was then rushed to market with glaring faults that should have been noticed by the first group of beta testers (if there were any). These faults IMHO make the device not worth the $400 (unit, tax, and shipping) I paid. I would have sent it back if Target.com didn't charge a 15% restocking fee and shipping charges. Right now I'm dealing with NHJ's less than stellar support in an effor to get these problems addressed or at least find out whether they even have interested in doing so.  My advice: If you still feel you want this player, only buy from a vendor with a liberal return policy. Or at the very least, get your hands on one before you buy. And yes, my unit is for sale.  I will update this post should HNJ release an update before I have to return the item to Target.com.   Should the likely happen an an update is not forthcomming, I will return the item, take the $70 hit and hold to a vow never to buy another prokduct from NHJ or Target.com again.   

- i basicly agree with the previous review but mine had major problem static noise whenever i tried to record from my dvd shame picture looked good to bad sound did not match i sent mine back. be aware  

- I got this two days ago and have tried it.My experience is that1-It is large compared to Archos av400 and 500,although specs on paper do not indicate that it is too large.2-The screen resolution is very poor even when watching tv the contrast and brightness are low ,picture is like you see on 30 years old TV set.Also there is no setting available for contrast and brightness 3-It is very slow to start.4-There is no true FF and rewind only 2x,4x &8x frame advance &rewind is available.A 2 hour movie takes you at least 15 minutes to go from begining to end or end to begining.There is no bookmark function.5-A firmwareupdate at their Japanese site is not compatible with Units sold in US I e mailed them & did not get any answer.So forget about any support or warranty coverage.The videos I have encoded for Archos JBM20 & av700 play only on a smaall area of middle of screen although they play on whole screen on 1.6" & 7" archos units.I canot find any positive in this unit and wasted $228.I will not advise anybody to buy it.No wonder they are closing it out on Computer Geeks.  

- I'll need some self contro to stay polite, to write this review. I bought mine in november, but after one months the device refuse to work anymore, for no reason there was no way to switch it on anymore. During this first month, I won't say that was the perfect MP3 juke box... It bugged at least twice a week, in a way that sometimes I don't know why but I have till the battery was flat to restart it! But for that I was lucky cause the autonomy is far from the constructor datas, the most I was abble to use it was suring maybe 6 sometimes 7 hours... Otherwise I was slow to load the menu play a song or just respond to single command, the sound  wasn't really great, very flat even with the personalized equalizer... Oh I forget to mention the picture, I was only able once to load picture on it, and then never again, I try everything even restore all the factory parameter and delete all my music there was no way!!! So I was happy to contract the extra warranty, best buy give me a new one, my first surprise was that I didn't find the radio on the menu there wasn't any way to turn the radio on, but I didn't really care about the radio... So my new one was just like the old one, same battery autonomy, same weak and flat sound, same bug, but at least it worked for more than a months this time!!! Now it just died again, for no reason??? I'm glad to read other review like this one it means that's not my karma fault!! Just Philips... I came to best buy again, they proposed me to change it, but there was NO WAY!!! So I choose another brand, I hope that ipod will works better, and plus the new one is thinner, so I'll see!  

- I will never - ever - buy anything from Philips again.  This purchase was a Christmas present for my son.  Within a few days of opening it and following all the instructions to the letter, the screen fried, making the unit unusable.  I contacted customer service, and a very helpful agent gave me a support tag number and shipping information.  It was all a ploy.  Philips took their sweet time sending out a replacement unit, and when they did, they gave us an expected delivery date that has long since passed with absolutely no concern about the status of the delivery.  Their attitude is, "hey, we shipped it to you."  Philips' Customer Service is, in a word, shallow.  They cannot tell you who they used to ship replacements, and that department doesn't much care.  Instead, they have to put in a request for a tracking number which can take an additional three business days.  We have already spoken with the vendor.  As soon as this thing ever gets here - if it does - it's going back for a refund and we'll buy a different MP3 player from a company that can at least pretend it knows what it's doing.  

- "Absolutly dreadful", as Simon would say...my mp3 somehow managed to turn my computer upsidedown and nothing will work. Not only that but the player itself refuses to work while trying to download my first CD on the day I purchased it, it just froze and now all it wants is to be hooked to the computer and its been that way for hours. I am returning it back to Best Buy where I got it.  A complete waste of time and money. Not even a single day of it worth while.  

- It's really unstable and unreliable from my experience with it. When I first got it, I really liked it. It was rather easy to use and the sound quality was more than I could ask for. Didn't use the head buds it came with, I prefer large bulky headphones. :D I got it as a Christmas Present from my parents, specifically for I trip I was taking to work on a project. I would be needing it because I was making makeshift desks and my computer was no longer an adequate Mp3 player anymore. Not exactly portable. This would be my first portable mp3 player.  I was a little suspicious of the touch...button---light things at first, but they grew on me because it could brush on the floor and it wouldn't be effected. I could care less about fancy interfaces or how it looks, just as long as it works. I wanted it for one thing and one thing only, to use it as an mp3 player. And for a time, it was good. It worked, with a small complaint about how long it took to transfer files. But that was no biggie, at the time I only had 2,000 songs. It only took a few hours...  But then one day I pause and get up to go to the bathroom and come back to find that it was frozen...the screen was on and the hardrive was dead. For a while there, I was panicking. Then I went to the ridiculously-over-the-top FAQ and found out how to reset it. I thought my problems were over, I was liking it a little less though, but heck, it was a minor bug and I thought that would be the end of it.  How very wrong I was.   After that I had no problems for a while. It was working and I was very happy with it. It was somewhat reliable, although I couldn't figure out how to do the playlists. (I was liking having the one it came with) And I didn't want to use Windows media player, the program is a little on the evil side. It worked just fine with dragging the files via Windows Explorer.  One day, I turn it on, and the list of songs is empty. There's nothing....I panic. I plug it into the computer and discover that all the songs are still there, mysteriously though they do not show up on the device. I do what I've done before, I get rid of all the songs and start again. I finally give in and see if "syncing" is any faster. It was fast at first, then it slowed down, then it stopped completely, then (biG surprise :O) The program crashes. Thanks a lot WMP. T_T  My collection has grown...a bit since then, too. So now I'm stuck with an empty unreliable buggy mp3 player. Looks like my computer is currently my main jukebox.  Overall nice concept. I don't care for fancified things, I like it when they work, but this machine is unfortunately style over substance.  They should have worked out the very apparent bugs before releasing it. They were in such a hurry to release the Windows answer to the Ipod, which in itself sounds like something worrisome.  I give it two stars. Easy to use and rather nice...when its working. Usually it isn't.  

- I have had this player since November and I am now putting it on craigslist so that I can buy a real mp3 player. I seem to have some of the same issues others have had.....the player is great when it works, but I have frequent problems.  It constantly freezes.  Sometimes after freezing, it won't recognize any of my songs (playlist shows zero songs).  Connect it to the computer and look via Windows Explorer....yep, they are there, but the player will not recognize them.  One time when re-syncing with Windows Media Player, either WMP or the device deleted a whole directory of my songs on my PC (luckily I back up my files to an external hard drive, so I was ok).  I figured that I could live with this player given some bugs...but it crashes so frequently now that it is too frusterating to use.  Oh...and don't even try calling their customer care.  First off, it does not even seem like they know their products.  Their only remedy is to delete all files from the device and re-sync.  And like other people have said about their customer care, they don't seem overly concerned that you are having problems and seem like they just want to get you off the phone.  Bottom line.....get something else!  

- I actually went from a Dell jukebox 20GB to this thing. gotta say, it was pretty weak. I loaded it up full from the 2nd day on and maybe this was the problem but I'm not sure why it glitched out on me all the time.  I had to buy a 1gb player as a backup to my commute!  in any case, you can't edit songs on the player itself, playlists are annoying to edit - but I did love the playlist on the fly function - and the software is like the commodore 64.  brutal.  I had this thing less than 6 mos and sold it for cheap.  never buy this.  never.  

- Horrible. It is the only word i can use describe every part of Philips 9and im not talking about just the product either- the customer service is TERRIBLE) Sure, it looks nice, and HEY- it even works great, until about 6 months, then it will crash on you. And even worse, their customer service does not care about you, they dont even act like they do. I have gone so far as to complain to the BBB and my Attorney General because this has happened TWICE within a span of slightly over a year- AND they wont give me a refund AND also claim that it is my fault. Do NOT get a philips- otherwise you will have problem after problem with it.   

- <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000BN9UHU/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/102-9979933-3404132">Philips HDD6330 30 GB MP3 Player</a>  I'm usually an optimistic person, but with the Philips 30GB Go Gear, it's hard to be!  I've had this MP3 player for less than four months, and the battery has already began to die on me!  After looking at reviews on Amazon, I found out it's a common problem, and the main reason to avoid this device.  One year warranty, you say?  Don't count on it!  Philips Customer/Technical help is both unapologetic and rude.  They've sent me in circles many times.  Giving me false "reference numbers" and worst of all, false hope that my MP3 player will every function normally.  Remember; you get what you paid for.  Sure, the Philips Go Gear is much cheaper than most other MP3 players, but the quality and service that goes along with it is terrible.  Think about it before investing your hard-earned money on a substandard music player.  

- This thing got sooooo annoying. It took literally hours to figure out the stupid thing even with reading and rereading the instructions included with each one. It doesn't help if you have done it before or not. I got mine months ago and wanted to update to newer songs and everytime I tried I just get frustrated and want to throw it out the window. It will not download different songs or let me even get to the step that you can actually manage what songs are on it and which ones aren't. The library is hard to figure out and it doesn't work at all with window media player, making it very difficult to get the songs I want on the device. I am usally farely patient and I just cannot stand this thing!!!The alarm clock freezes up a lot and I have almost been late for school. How it functions really has no rhyme or reason. One day it works and the next, it just doesn't. It doesn't hold enough songs, the radio doesn't come in clear, you can't just slip it into your pocket, the alarm doesn't always work, it takes for ever to get to your music once you actually get the thing turned on, you can't rewind or fastforward songs, and I've spent hours upon hours trying to get the songs I want on it. I think tha tI'm just going to get a small cheaper mp3 player with more space for songs and one that works better with windows software. Anymore it just sits on my dresser and does nothing because it's all old songs and the alarm isn't reliable.~~~It is not worth it!   

- I purchased this mp3 player and I couldn't get it to work. The battery would not charge up.I called Phillips and the representative said I should push the reset button. I did and it still didn't work. I called Phillips five times for the same problem over a four week period. Finally the representative said they would give me a refurbished player. Of course, I am upset because I have never used the item and I don't believe I should have to received a refurished one. If you are thinking about purchasing this item, please think twice. If you have a problem, Phillips WILL NOT help you. I read the negative feedback and I didn't believe them. If you have bought one and it is working, you are very lucky. I would hate to see someone go through what I have been through. They do not care about their consumers. I would give this item 0 stars  

- This is a really cute looking device -- too bad it doesn't work at all.  The firmware and software combo is horrible.  You cannot simply drag and drop songs to the device.  You MUST use their Philips branded version of MusicMatch Jukebox to transfer songs and it DOES NOT work.  Two phone calls to Philips didn't help either.  They were polite and all but otherwise useless.  I've owned and used MP3 players since they were first introduced and this is by far the most time I have wasted trying to get something to work.  I never did succeed.  

- I bought this thing all the way from US and VPOST to send it all the way to me in Malaysia and found out that it doesn't work. It is really frustrating. Now I have to send to out local service centre to repair.  

- I spent 3 days trying to get some songs into this MP3 player and I finally gave up. Every time MusicMatch Jukebox starts coming up, it will give an error "MusicMatch Jukebox has experienced an error and must close". I can see the PSS120 as a USB hard drive and can copy files to it using Windows Explorer, but I cannot listen to them on the device. Unless you get the songs downloaded thru MusicMatch, the PSS120 serves only as a storage device. I emailed Philips customer service and described the issue in detail. Their email answer was to read the FAQ. What kind of answer is that? I then called Philips. The customer service rep asked me to uninstall everything and reinstall it. She would not stay on the phone. She said to call back when I have done that and still have a problem. I told her that I have already done that several times on multiple computers and still get the same problem. She said to "try it again".  Needless to say, I got the same error and decided not to call Philips again.  I am very dissappointed in the product and even more dissappointed in Philips customer service. I was considering buying a Philips large screen TV, but after this experience I will not consider a Philips product again.  

- I'll keep it short.  (The review is for the 256MB version).  One word - Annoying.  The fact that Philips FORCED you to use the musicmatch software to load songs is very very annoying.  Difficult to use.  And as another reviewed said, it doesn't resume.  Once stopped, it goes back to the first song.  That't annoying too.  You'll be better off with just buying a cheap MP3 player and a separate powered mini speaker.  Doesn't look as nice but at least it works fine! Really regret buying the Philips!!  

- This is the worst piece of junk I have ever bought.  We have an Iaudio MP3, which is fabulous, and an Ipod, which is OK.  Although the unit is cool, the software is absolutely terrible.  It is incredibly difficult to rip CDs and to manage the files, and only works through Windows Media Player 10, which only runs on XP.  I strongly suggest that you buy either the Ipod or the Iaudio.  This is really a loser.  

- We have an H340 that is 3 months out of warranty.  When its internal battery stopped holding a charge we were told that we now had a "paperweight."  Don't trust this brand.  

- I bought a 512mb model u10 right after if came out and after about 8 months began to have problems with it deleting songs on its own, or when I would delete them the songs name would stay in my playlist and would stop playing whenever it came to the song.  I have another u10 which is the 1GB model and after about 8 months it is doing the same thing, I wouldn't advise anyone to buy an iRiver product and if you have one take it back now because it will self destruct. IRiver isn't the only company who seems to have problems with their MP3 players lifespan, average life of a much more expensive IPod is only 18 months.  Until someone steps in and insists these electronic companies make a reliable product I am sticking with the cheaper products that services like Napster and Urge offer.  

- This product that SanDisk markets is not compatible with Mac computers. The manufactor does not disclose the fact it is not compatible with a Mac computer, until you call for tech support at SanDisk. When asked how to resolve the problem is to return it or sell it to someone else. SanDisk is not accountable for the error and dismisses the customer to resolve their error. I give this product a ZERO because of the lack of integrity by the company.   

- I have gotten two of these devices and both have locked up on me. There is no support online and no one can figure out how to reset it. Don't waste your money!  

- Honestly, you get what you pay for. From the minute I got this thing in the mail, I loaded it up with music, put new batteries in and was ready to go. Unfortunatly, the device was not. I had to keep playing with the battery to get it to turn on. When it did finally turn on, I listened for a bit and put it on pause.....when I did that, it shut off and once again, I was playing with the battery to get it to work. I've tried Energizer Lithium batteries and Duracell thinking maybe it was the battery but sad to say, it wasn't. Like I said, you get what you pay for...what do you expect for 20 bucks? lol. When it wants to work, it is great....but those with little or no patience are urged to stay away from this device.  

- This is a great little MP3 player especially if you want to be moving while using it. Unfortunaley, there is a known problem with the player that Sandisk has not been able to fix with new firmware. At random times the sound will emit a crackle and skip (remember what a scratch did to your LP playback?). Sandisk customer support tried to help, but finally advised me to return the player if I was not satisfied. I used it for Audible books. I've tried two of these and both had the problem. Luckily Amazon is most gracious with returns.   

- I have owned three SanDisk Sansa M240 models that store 1GB. The first one I purchased with a in store warranty, but the player did not work right out of the box. So I took It back and got a second Sansa which developed an intermittent short within two months causing sound quality to diminish significantly. I took the second Sansa back and cashed in my warranty on a third SanDisk Sansa m240 1GB along with buying a second in store warranty. In two months my third SanDisk Sansa m240 developed the same intermittent short. I'll cash in my warranty on a different player this time.  

- While I enjoy the increased memory for more music and the recognition of more file types, I miss the old buttons I had on my 512. Buttons simply offer more tactile feedback than the membrane areas (I guess that's what they're called) on my newer m250. Sometimes these membrane areas don't respond and the A-B function I bought this unit for?; fugget about it! It's very difficult to isolate small segments of music with the new membranes. This is very important for me to learn a piece of music by ear. If I had known about these drawbacks prior to buying this 'new and improved' model I never would have bought it.  

- Once you have loaded images into the drive it works very well. The pictures are crisp and easy to see. You can organize pictures in folders which is useful but not initially intuitive to do. It gets easier with more use. A major complaint is that the drive does NOT accomodate all cards. For instance to use a memory stick duo, you must have a CF adapter. Problem...they are very difficult to find, if you can  find one! Sony has discontinued them. Some other brands are available but not in USA markets. In addition the adapters are quite expensive. I found this misleading and problematic given one of the cameras we use. The newer units may take care of this but at a higher initial purchase cost  

- I own a video iPod, and have owned previous generation iPods, all of which I have found to be excellent products. I just recently purchased my first Nano (the new 3rd generation) and love the looks, size, functions etc.- a potential excellent product. However, I noticed that my new Nano often completely freezes up; always after syncing; sometimes while charging; and sometimes while just changing songs, going to the menu, etc. The only way I found to unfreeze the player is to do a hard reset. This is quite an inconvenience and totally unacceptable. I thought maybe I had bought a lemon and would simply return the product for a working replacement. However, after some research, I have learned that this was and is a common problem with the 2nd generation Nano. I haven't found much information regarding this issue from others who purchased the 3rd generation - most likely because it was just released a week ago. I plan to return the product and wait until the problem has been corrected. Once this is done, I will only have wonderful things to say about the 3rd generation Nano.  

- This product is good in a lot of ways. Small, lightweight, and joystick feature is easy to use. But it can be defective in a lot of ways too. In order to unfreeze the player, you have to find a small pin to fit in the tiny hole on the side. If you have no access to one at the time, it stays locked and then the battery could die completely. And I dont see an access point to even get to the battery.  Sometimes the inside of the product with turn defective after a while. My boyfriend's Creative that I gotten him, the USB part couldn't find the USB cable connected to it, even though its been working fine for a month.  My Creative product had a defect in the earphones after almost a year of using it. So I wouldnt recommend this product or many Creative products to my friends and family anymore.   

- This product replaces a 5 gig Creative Micro which had a hard drive and broke at 1 year after a minor drop.  The Zen V is easier to download.  The 2 gig space allows me to hold up to 5 audiobooks and some music.  The battery is lasting about 10 hours. Sound quality is better than the Micro I appreciate former comments about the unit will not lose its place if the unit is shut down while playing rather than hitting the pause/stop button, which will start at the beginning of the book or song.   I had a few encounters with the unit freezing up.  I can control the frequency  of freezes by allowing the unit to "think" after I touched a button or control.  It's a little slow to respond to the commands.  If I'm pressing a button more than once or hitting the back button command to get into the system controls, I wait until the unit gets to the window that I want before telling the unit what to do. No freezing!  

- I purchased the 8GB Creative Zen V Plus player during the first week in February.  Today, March 6th, I am returning it and this is why:  The package arrived from Amazon.  I loaded up the software on my computer, then hooked up the player through the usb cord.  I let it charge for 6 hours like the instructions state.   Then I proceeded to load some of my music onto the player.  So after the music was loaded, I disconnected the player from the usb cable and started to listen to the music.  The sound quality was good, the player is easy to navigate in the menus, etc...  The problem was about half the music I uploaded was not on the player.  I could see the folder and menu option for the artist or genre but the actual file was not there.  So I plugged the player back into the usb cord, and pulled up the file location on the player through the computer.  The file was there and I could play it just fine through Windows Media Player.  I tried to access it again through the player and it was not there.  Then I accessed through the computer just fine.    All my songs, all 4,500 of them, are in MP3 format from 56kps for my audio books to 192kps for the songs I ripped from cd's.  The player just wouldn't read about half my songs.  There was really no rhyme or reason on whish songs it would recognize.  I would load an entire album of 15 songs and I could only play 6 or 7 tracks.  This happened with my entire music collection.    So I thought maybe the firmware was out of date so I uploaded all the updates from creative which did include a firmware update.  It did not solve the problem.  I then uploaded some of the same songs that would not play on the Zen V Plus onto my 3 year old Rio and original Ipod Shuffle and they played just fine.  I was frustrated at this point so I called the Creative Customer Service.  It is strange because they do not post the number for there company anywhere on there website and now I understand why.  They have the worst customer service/tech department of any computer/electronic company I have ever spoke with.  After three calls, never speaking to someone who I could fully understand as English was definitely not a first language, more like a 3rd or 4th language, I arrived nowhere.  They kept telling me they were emailing document to me on how to resolve the problem.  No email ever came, checked the junk folder and every other possible place.  So I tried a fourth call.  This guy basically called me stupid from what I could understand, saying "I can't believe you Americans" and then mumbled something in another language.   I asked for a supervisor. He told me that he would escalate my call and someone would call me in 2-3 days.  Then he hung up.    I was really amazed that a company would treat its customers in this nature.  They really have to respect for there customers and do not want to help them in any way.  So I am returning the Creative Zen V Plus player and I also don't plan on buying anything from Creative again.   By the way, after all this, the problem never was fixed.    Also, when doing research on this product, I came across a couple articles and reviews that stated this player would play DIVX files.  This is not true.  This player will not play any files without being converted first.  I took an AVI video that was 100MB and it converted it into a 1.2GB file.  The format they use is absolutely a waste of space.  If you want to upload an entire movie on MPEG or AVI format, it will end up taking the entire 8GB of space if not more.  I converted the movie Cars for my son on a short road trip thinking I could have my music plus his movie.  I was wrong, the movie took up 7.1GB after being converted.  I would not recommend this product to anyone.  As much as I don't like the IPod, I would recommend it over the Zen V Plus because:  1. It plays all my music 2.  They have a customer service/tech support that helps you and cares about its customers.  I hope this helps anyone looking at this player.  Jeff   

- Unfortunately,my Creative Zen V2 did not worked with my system. I even bought a new pc to see if the Creative would work at all, but it didn't happened! PLEASE DON'T BOTHER TO BUY THIS PRODUCT, BUY A SANSA E200 IT MUCH SIMPLER AND EASY TO USE! I end up returning the product back to Amazon because it was obviously very defective!!!  I hope my review was helpful to you. -Milly  

- This product jammed and broke down after the first use and repeatedly thereafter.  I was able to fix it a several times using my computer but on the fourth round it seems totally kaputt.  I would not recommend it to anyone.    

- This is my second Zen V. Returned the first one because it worked for a month and then kept freezing up on one song. Would NOT reboot despite pushing the tiny reboot/restart button on the side. Exchanged for a new player and within three days it is doint the same thing! I'm going to get another brand. My husband has a Zen Jukebox and has had no problem for years. This is a great size with great features, but that does you no good if the software doesn't work!  

- I already use Roku Soundbridge M500 / M1001s to stream music around the house, using iTunes as the server. More recently, I bought a Squeezebox v3 based on the online reviews, which spoke highly of the audio quality. After 3 months' I gave up and it now languishes in a drawer - one of my Soundbridges has taken its place.   The problems with the Squeezebox were several: 1) Sound quality - the wifi connection just kept dropping out all the time (i.e. every few minutes). This never happens with my Soundbridge and my router/access point is only 3m across the living room. Sure, I could run cables round, but they would be unsightly and I live in rented accomodation, so channelling the cables into the walls is not an option.  2) The slimserver software was more sophisticated than iTunes, but the flip side is that I found it to be much less user-friendly. I prefer the simplicity of the iTunes / Roku Soundbridge combination, without the need to run a separate server. 3) Navigation at the device (as opposed to at the PC) is (IMHO) a lot weaker than Roku's. On the Squeezebox, I had to scroll through all album (or artist) names, whereas on the Soundbridge I can scroll by letter and then drill down to the names - much faster. I accept that the PC interface is much better for the Squeezebox, but I wanted it to use in the living room i.e. away from my fileserver, so ease of navigation at the device is key to me. Font size is comparable on the Soundbridge M1001, so that is not an issue for me.    In the end, the Squeezebox's lack of reliability rendered it useless; I could not get it to play a single track without it cutting out. I replaced it with one of my Soundbridges and since then have not looked back. As for audio quality? I never got far enough to find out. Shame.  

- Like other reviewers, setup was relatively painless and I got it working on day one (familiarity with wireless networking needed).  After a week's time, with new songs and playlists added to my library, the bugs started to appear, and now I can't get it to play anything (though it does receive the data with no problems over my network).  Numerous rescans, software re-loads, and interaction with the help desk couldn't get humpty-dumpty back together again. I am hoping that the open software has some good engineers behind it so that the bugs will be worked out and I can use it.  Great concept and great while it worked. Sitting broken on my shelf - not so good.    September 2007 - since a recent software update, the device is back up an running (so far without flaws).  If you are willing to go through some computer-related stress to get results, it's a solid product that makes your library of music sound great on any decent hi-fi setup.   If I could update my star rating, I'd bump it up to 4 stars, since I've been 3 months without problems and I'm pleased with the performance.    

- I too can relate to all of the reviewers who can not get sound.  Slim Devices drops my wireless signal about every three minutes.  It is very rare that it will play a whole song.  I have tried a linksys G router, a US Robotics router, and now a D Link router.  I am not using other wireless resource while it is playing besides my latop.  All of my other wireless devices show "excellent" signal strength while this thing can not seem to locate a network.  Customer support said it was my router's power settings.  I am on my third router from three different manufactures and I think it is the sqeezebox.  I would recommend passing on this product as I am sitting here playing MP3s on my laptop speakers looking at my Squeexebox screen stating its usual "Problem, can't find a wireless network" message.  

- While I enjoyed this little light weight gizmo while it lasted, it didn't last very long.  Within the span of a month it was pushing up daisies, not playing, not responding, not acessable through any computer (pc or mac.)  I used it mostly during my mile walks to and from work and trips to the grocery store, neither could be considered extream environments.  

- Alright, first off this piece of crap will randomly stop playing. It started off when I'd just walk around that it would turn off, but now sometimes I barely TOUCH IT and tilt it to the side to look at the song and it turns off.  It is NOT easy to use if you're a HOLD button person... if you have it on hold while plugged into your computer, it will not let you delete or add music, which made me panick at first and fear for a permanant playlist. Also, the headphones that come with it are REALLY not worth it, they are really really bad, so go buy some nice Sony ones. AND, the song switcher thinger is a little defective... it's neat, but you can push it down and it'll hit something inside of the MP3 player that makes the songs skip and be all crazy... so it gives me a fear of damaging the insides of my MP3 player whenever its in my pocket or something. I think thats about it... I wouldn't recommend it, unless you want a cheap piece of s***.  

- This item was great for the few months that it worked.  I liked how I could just plug it straight into a USB port to transfer music.  I had just started using its voice recording function when it stopped working.  I was able to record a lecture and do an interview with it.  It seemed to me to have a good range and playback.  I typically didn't use the earphones, but rather plugged it into my tape player in my vehicle.  A drawback perhaps is that songs are listed sequentially, so it is not possible to select a menu, choose your favorite artist, and then choose a specific song from that artist.  But, I didn't mind that so much.  The major flaw was that it stopped working.  The COBY screen flashes on and off, never getting to the point where I can play any music.  I can still use it as a thumb drive to store media if I want, but it's a bit bulkier than my other ones.  When I contacted COBY about doing a reboot, I was told how to reboot it, but that it was out of the short warranty period.  I know that no device is going to last forever, but I think that I'd like an MP3 player to last longer than 4 months.  

- The only possible attraction to this gizmo is the price.  With that said it is still over priced.  I purchased my Coby player from a local sporting goods store because I didn't want to pay a lot for a new mp3 player.  I just had a really good one that I spent maybe $49 dollars for, stolen.  And when I went to buy a new one they were priced around $80, $90 and up.  I went with this cheapo item and paid about $36 hoping that if I lose it or get it stolen again it wouldn't be a big deal.  Now I'm begging someone, please take it.  I used it for a few days and did not like the difficult screen menus. You have to scroll with a toggle switch several times just to get to a menu that enables you to play music.  The toggling is not intuitive and you have to jar it several times before it actually moves once.  The view is less that an inch tall and so you really can't see what your playing.  Long story short before anyone got a chance to steal this one it stopped working completely in a couple of weeks.  I just took it back to the store for a refund of my money.  It is well worth it to spend another 10 or 20 dollars and get a decent MP3 player.  

- Had it for less than two weeks and the player no longer works. The player would shut off for no reason occasionally and then finally it had a total malfunction.  Customer service only had one solution and that was to reformat it on my computer but the computer would not recognize it being there.  Had trouble with switching between songs with the toggle switch.  the headphones are bad to use, sound quality is ugly to say the least.  You get what you pay for!!  

- This device has one primary purpose...to display the name COBY when you turn it on, and then to immediately shut down.  Oh, it may play your files for a week or two as a bonus when it's new, but then it resorts to it's true calling.  I purchased one of these some time ago and for my purposes, it did the job just fine.  For a while.  Then it just stopped and started the behavior mentioned above. Coby tech support was an annoyed-sounding person who suggested a fix that didn't work and another that did: Return it to the place where I purchased it.  So I did.  It was very new so they agreed to exchange it for another.  I thought I just had a defective player the first time, so that was fine by me.  The new player worked fine, until it eventually developed the same problems as the first one.  I tried downloading firmware from the website. No luck.    A quick search of the web found that my player had a very common problem, but to date the problem is not acknowledged on the Coby website nor is there a fix listed for it.  So I'm assuming that customer service is not a high priority from Coby.    I used their submission form to write them about the problem, and when I tried to submit the description I just received a bunch of error messages.    I'm done with Coby.  

- I needed an MP3 player that would allow picture storage especially during travel. My wife takes a lot of pictures. The concept of Wolverine seemed great. No propriatory software, direct download from multiple card formats, music player, video etc. When I received it I was definitely disappointed with the size. It is a BRICK!!!!!. They do not offer any decent carrying cases that would allow easy access while walking etc and protect it at the same time, like some cases for the iPod. The only one on their accessory list is very unappealing. These are minor things. I ordered mine from Costco. It took 2 weeks to arrive and did not work. After an hour with a support representative (very good and patient) we could not make my two different computers recognize the device. They offered to send me a replacement one but I declined. I am not sure we started off on the right foot. I hope they make some adjustments in the size and software. I may give it a second chance some time in the future. For now I got a Phillips GoGear 8GB for music, radio while jogging and we will continue to use our old portable CD burner to transfer photos. By the way GoGear is great and beats comparable iPods hands down as far as both price and features.  

- This thing blows... I think they had all there workers write these reviews because it is  1. TOO big WAY big like omg you think you wont mind its not that big but no it really is WAY TOO BIG 2. It freezes... a lot 3. It is not compatible with most music download programs 4. The color is obnoxious  5. Sure it will play the music you have cd's for 6. OK the picture uploading ability is cool but honestly... why not just get a bigger card for your camera? I thought I would use it a lot but its not the reality.  I definitely lost on this deal.    

- The CF receiver pins bent after light use. I also have a Dooin which is the same type of unit but without the display. I have used the Dooin for several years without a problem. When I email Customer Service Rico stated it used caused by user error. I do not understand how they could reach this decision without looking at the unit. I ask him to have Matt the owner contact me... he has not.  They do have warning about inserting the CF card. They have a bad design and they need to fix it.  This unit might be ok using SD or anything other than CF, but watch out if you need to deal with customer service.   

- I have purchased several Coby products the last couple of years and have no issues with any of them.  I bought a Coby MP-C781 in November and it died last week.  I emailed tech support and got a caned response 4 DAYS LATER.  The email said to reload the firmware and gave a link to the site. NO FIRMWARE ON THE SITE. So I called support. Took 3 number to find one that worked.  They told me there was no firmware for the unit and I would have to mail it back to them with a $6 money order. They had no answer when I asked why the email said to reload firmware even though there is no firmware on the website.   I had a similar problem with a Sandisk unit and they only required me to send the unit back and did not give me any hassle and they were very responsive on their customer support emails.  I WILL NEVER BUY another Coby product again because of their BAD CUSTOMER SUPPORT.   

- My daughter was so happy to get this for her birthday!  It worked well and we downloaded numerous songs for her.  She used it a few times every week and carried it with her to keep her from getting bored in the car when I wanted to listen to my music.  The last time she used it she put it in her jacket pocket & zipped it up.  We really aren't sure why the LCD screen looked like we dropped it in water because it stayed dry.  It just stopped working. That's too bad, because it seemed like a nice product.  Should've lasted longer than 4 months!  

- I DONT LIKE THIS MP3 PLAYER BECAUSE I HAVE TO PUT A NEW BATTERY IN EVERY TIME I USE THE THING.   

- I bought this at a day after Thanksgiving sale for Christmas.  The speakers never worked but I bought a cheap pair from Walmart and didn't worry about returning them.  The MP3 worked ok for about 2 months then just died.  Nothing would work.  I bought it from Home Depot who would not allow a return because it had been 3 months since the purchase date.  Coby would also not honor a warranty.  Although it was only 2 months from the date it was opened as a Christmas present, it was past the 3 month deadline.  My feeling is that when you pay $80 for an item, it should last more than 2 months.  I will NEVER buy a Coby product or from Home Depot again.  

- I would never buy this product.  Every time I go to use it I have to put in a new AAA battery.  I have spent as much money on batteries as I did on the player itself.  I have since purchased a different MP3 player!!  

- I bought this player for my daughter for Christmas and I was so delighted to find a player with expandable memory.  It seemed like an answered prayer as she continually outgrows the capacity of previous players.  However, from the beginning we noticed that the player ate up batteries like nothing.  Even digital batteries weren't much better.  Now, 4 months later and the player will not stay powered up and I'm finding more and more bad reviews with the same complaints. That expandable space is of no use to us now!  

- I would advise anyone looking to buy an MP3 player not to buy this one. I had one for just about a week before it started acting strange; it would randomly turn itself off and eventually I had to pop the battery out and put it back in to get the stupid thing to turn on. This things sucks up batteries at an unbelievable rate too. It uses 1 AAA battery and I would have to replace the (Duracell) battery EVERY OTHER DAY.   DO NOT BUY THIS MP3 PLAYER!!!  

- Bought another Coby MP3 for my older son, however wanted a 1 MG since he was younger. This was a poor quality MP3. The lighting/graphics/words are poor. I tried for hours on Christmas to download 4 songs, all the same format. Two downloaded, the other 2 kept giving me an error message. The quality of the player itself seemed plastic-like. I thought I couldn't go wrong buying a Coby, but I guess I should have read more reviews. You get what you pay for.....  

- EMERGENCY DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK FREEZE ALL TIME COMPLICATE INTRUCTIONS THIS IS THE WORTH MP3 I EVER AND EVER BOUGTH ......................pLEASE DO NOT BUY  

- don't even bother!    It keeps freezing up, turning off, and won't sync with any of my mp3s.  Samsung was very unhelpful and said that it was "a Windows/Microsoft problem" when I reported when the device was starting to sync, then caused Windows Media Player to shut down (on 2 seperate systems!) entirely and then the USB cord is faulty, saying that it is unplugged when it is not.    Instructions were incomplete and shoddy.    Try a Zen player or a Rio.  Those at least work right out of the box, plug in the USB, and you're off.    

- IT is not that good as i expect from samsung products.  

- I purchased one and received it, it never worked right.  I received a replacement and have had the same problem.  I think this model is a waste of money unless they fix the bugs.  It just keeps saying you have to repair the disk with software that does not come with it.  

- I got this mp3 player and it worked great out of the box.  I didn't have any problems synching music.  The sound was fine I replaced the ear-buds as son as I got it and I was quite happy with it.  About 2 months after I got it things started to go wrong. It would have a system error for no apparent reason and I couldn't get it to work unless I reset the device.  I upgraded the firmware, re-formatted, called samsung and tried every possible solution to get the thing to work again.  In the end I wound up getting another mp3 player from a different manufacturer.  I really liked this player when it worked.  I would strongly recommend not buying this mp3 player it is a waste of money and time.  

- I purchased this player and two days later it froze. I contacted Amazon for another as a replacment, again this one froze. I bought this for a gift an wasnt happy at all. Amazon did refund my money in a timley fashion. I just won't buy a remanufatured Samsung audio player due to the poor quality.  

- It seems that Jet Audio may have spammed the jet audio reviews with "quick delivery" items.  I've been waiting 2+ weeks for the Cowon A2 after ordering from Jet.  And getting through to customer service...grab a snickers...  UPDATE:  Dec 14, 2006  Well, we did finally receive the Unit about 3 weeks later than expected...but at least it did arrive!    As for the A2. It's a gem.  Bright, crisp screen and powerful sound output when played through car stereo.  The other reviewers have summed things up well (multi file format support is so nice).  The A2 is highly recommended...   

- after 2 weeks looking at every word written on the portable media players out there the COWON A2 is the most bang for the buck. I LOVE IT. this is the coolest little thing any media junkie could want. i have my favorite movies, music,pictures,auido books...etc right in my hands, my car..everywhere i go. this is hands down an ipod killer. there is other players out there with similar features..namely the ARCHOS line of products..the cowon in my opinion is made better...has cooler features and is more versitile than the archos line.ive had no problems at all with this machine.it performs all tasks with no problem..the firmware update is great and super easy to do.the jet shell software is great and very usefull for working with your files. if there was anything to say it would be that out of 1000 possible corrupted files maybe 1 or 2 agrivates the cowon(it may freeze) and you have to shut it off an put it back on, which in the big picture of electronics is pretty expectable.i bought the arkon car mount for it and now i have mobile video for those long trips or snail crawl traffic days. for the car i figured it would be great to get a bunch of music videos since you cant really watch a movie and drive this is a great option. anyone that see's this thing is amazed by it. most people think all there is are ipods or rip offs of ipods out there.boy are they wrong. also i was worried that if i bought this somthing better would come out soon and make this look elementry,but this is not the case.its so far ahead that it will usable for years.its all you need. if somthing else comes out you wont worry because your already happy with your a2. besides look at all the poor ipod sheep...baaaaaa. make way for the lion called cowon  

- This product was great until it started freezing all the time, even during recording. All this in less than one month after purchase.  

- First of all, I wish I had done a little more testing of this unit before the 30 day Amazon return period was up. Tried it out and was very satisfied with the picture quality and sound through the demos. After owning it for about 5 weeks, finally loaded music on it and took a road bike trip for about 4 hours. Battery died at 3.5 hours. Fully charged it up and tried again, this time dead in an hour. Charged again and did a test playing only music, made it about 10 hours this time. Haven't found anyone else in the reviews who has had this problem. The spec says 18 hours of audio and this is due to the larger battery. Never tried the video. Tried contacting CowonAmerica through email, phone and signing up for their online help site. They have to verify your email address before you can enter the site. Got a email verification back and tried to logon, no luck, said email address was not verified even though the email I received from them said it was. I was not willing to take the risk of NO CUSTOMER SERVICE for a device I paid over 300.00 for. I loved the A2 when it worked, easy to load music, great sound, and the video demo was crystal clear. Sent it back to Amazon for a partial refund and will probably buy an Archos, as I was able to contact their service department by phone in about 30 seconds. Great machine bummer service.   

- This is a wonderful media player with loads of features.  The problem I have had is that it breaks after just a couple weeks of use.  I have had this model replaced three times and my thrid one broke the first  day I used it.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000CS1JRS/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/002-2386789-8176032">Cowon A2 30 GB Portable Multimedia Player</a>  

- equals no sale. Closed system that excludes me is more "proprietary" than iTunes/iPod combo. You are not forced to use iTunes to use your iPod, any CD can be ripped to it. You are not forced to use a particular OS for your computer either, with an iPod. Not so with this wanna-be. Zen-casting? give me a break!  no zero star option available  

- Got this for my son this christmas. He likes it but finds it too bulky and no way near as easy to operate as his cousins iPod video. He's swithcing to the iPod as soon as he sells the Creative. I must say that the video on the creative is very good looking. Sharper than on Apples iPod. But keep in mind that the Zen is a portable videodevice and the iPod is a MP3 player with videocapabilities. It's NOT a Video iPod. Maybe something will incarnate at Macworld !  

- I got this one for Christmas. After using it for a few weeks, it's going back and getting replaced with an iPod. My wife has the iPod, and it is much easier to use than the Creative. The Creative certainly is not as easy to use as the iPod, and it also feels as though it is not made as well. You can pretty much tell after using them side-by-side that this is Creative's attempt at copying the iPod. They do a good job of making it look similar, but it just doesn't stack up to the quality of the iPod.  

- I didn't receive the item, I don't think it was the seller's fault, it just didn't arrive.  

- last time I checked you could get an ipod for $180. i last checked about 2 weeks ago and i thought it was a rip off then. this is outrageous, apple makes their ipods for $30 and amazon is selling them for $200. they're earning more money than they need, yet people still keep buying them. Sure it's great with all the songs, games and features but, it's not worth the money your paying for it. IT'S A RIP OFF.  

- I don't like iPod's. I think that they're a total rip off. You buy an iPod for like $200.00, then you have to buy your charger, then you have to buy your headphones. Plus you have to pay for the songs you download on it. Thats what blew me away. I think that since you payed about $300.00 for your iPod, they should atleast give you the songs for free. I would advise everyone to stay away from them if they want to save money...  

- I am like one of the other reviewers. I wanted to like this mp3 player but it is so terrible. I wish I would have held out for the Sony or Ipod. I bought this because it was on the cheaper side and I thought Philips would have been a good brand to have.It works sometimes and this is the longest it has been that it hasn't worked at all. The radio worked but I can't play any of the files I have on it. It is by no means user friendly. The instruction manual is not helpful at all. Anyway, I know I have gotten long winded but I would definitely recommend that you not buy this device.  

- Stoped working after 2 months. I only used the radio and liked the presets. However it now has a demon and when you plug in the head phones it turns off or does weird scanning. But it doesn't work. It also used a Battery every four hours or so I bought rechargables but it was to much of a hassle.  

- This product worked well for 5 workouts.  Then the buttons stopped working.  New batteries didn't help. Still, it was cheap and I understand the whole MP3 thing now.  I'll buy something better next.  

- I purchased 5 of these as gifts for my family members for Christmas. I spent a great deal of time trying to download songs on them. There were no detailed instructions in the package explaining the download. I had to contact the company for instructions and when they were followed I still could not download songs on them. I own an IPod and a Dell MP3. I had no problems with them at all. Also, when I tried to return the product to the company I purchased them from, I had to get an RA number before returning them. I called the company several times before I actually got a person to get an RA number from.  

- This item had a very good price and my expectations were based on what information I read about it, but on receiving the item and attempting to use it, I found the instructions were not at all helpful.  I was unable to make it work.  So it sits in a drawer for now.  I feel my money was wasted on this item..not because the item was not a good piece of technology, but because I did not recieve instructions on it's use that made sense.  

- I had it for about 3 months and it finally started skipping non stop so I got a new one but not the same brand. Dont drop it a lot and be careful where you put it  

- I am a former Mac user who went over to the Dark Side with the purchase of a laptop PC which I love.  When it came time to finally buy an MP3 Player, I researched everything I could and I chose the Creative Zen because of the price, the capabilities and that it has a radio.  The second day I had it, after downloading 35 cds, it would not turn on.  I finally had to stick a pin in the reset hole and then the screen was filled with unrecognizable characters.  I ended up having to download the firmware on a ONE DAY OLD machine.  I figured it was "User Error" even though I did nothing wrong.  Today, a full two weeks since I bought the &*^!! thing, it won't turn on again.  Same problems PLUS the PC wouldn't recognize the USB connection.   I love my Toshiba Laptop and won't go back to a Mac but my next MP3 will be an iPod.   Now I hope Amazon will accept this back and give me either a refund or credit!   

- When I saw this item I liked the idea having 20GB at my disposal.  Some people have complained about the controls on this is kind of hard to master.  I had no problems figuring out the buttons on the player itself.  When I ordered this, I was really hoping it had the "drag and drop" feature like many Creative MP3 players have.  This one doesn't.  You have to install software to use it.  Here's the problems:  I tried installing it on my PC.  It installed with no problem.  However, the program WILL NOT recognize the device is plugged in.  I went to the Creative Support sight, no contact numbers.  Just a email service.  Got their email back, did everything on the list.  Still doesn't work.  SO, I tried installing it on my laptop, the software wouldn't even install.  Just gave me an error message.  Once again, I have sent an email to Creative.  This is the 3rd day I've had this MP3 Player.  So far, all I've gotten out it is that I have a wonderful silver colored $180 dollar paper weight.  Needless to say, if these software issues don't resolve quickly, I am returning this item and getting an MP3 player that may have less memory, but DEFINATELY has the drag and drop feature.    

- I got this player and I was pretty excited. I hooked it up to my computer and it worked fine for two days. The third day it stopped recognizing the device. I did everything I could think of...checked out the online directions and did everything they suggested as well. Still couldn't resolve the situation. I called customer service and they wouldn't help me. Rather, they insisted on emailing me links to their website with directions to possibly fix the problem...rather than helping me fix the problem and walking me through it personally. I think this is horrible customer service. Needless to say I went back and forth, following the directions, not fixing anything, then calling back customer service to get another stupid link with more directions to follow. Finally the tech. rep. told me to reinstall my whole operating system since "that had to be the problem" I spent a whole day!!! backing up my files, and reformatting my whole computer. And guess what?? Same thing.....my computer still does not recognize the player when I plug it in. I have windows xp service pack 2 and they said this is what the player is designed to work with.   I really did not want to go with an iPod or something like that but I think I'm taking this back and I'm now through with Creative players. Take my advice and get something else. At least until they get this software issue sorted out. Very dissappointing player indeed.  

- DO NOT BUY. All kinds of kinks, worst of all, COULD NOT LOAD NEW MUSIC AFTER 2 DAYS!!! The USB cord just stopped working. This was a big expense for me and a total disappointment.  

- The unit wouldn't support DRM, so any songs downloaded from the internet were not usable on the player.  Once we got some CD's burned and songs copied on it crashed and was never recoverable.  The voice recording feature also never worked like it said it would.  

- When i first got the MP3 player it was great, it worked fine and i was very pleased with its battery life. But then only 3 weeks after i bought the product it broke and unfortunately for me i threw away the box and everything that came with it once i thought it was working satisfactorily. Oh well. All i have to say is if given the chance i would NOT have bought the product in the first place, and regret doing so now.  

- First one didn't work, got a replacement - both easy to put music on the device but the music will not play ... very clugy button setup and even the neighborhood tekky kid couldn't get the songs downloaded to play - don't buy this item!   

- This thing worked for two days and then started cutting off songs and starting them over.  We thought it was the battery going bad but a new battery didn't help.  Don't buy this item.  I am not even going to bother getting it replaced after reading the other reviews here.  

- I don't know where to start with this thing. When I first got it I thought it was great, well other than the rediculously short battery life. Unless you just play all your music non-stop and don't skip or choose songs (press any buttons) the Toshiba won't last more than 4 or 5 hours at best listening to music alone. But the extremely short battery life becomes more and more annoying as you use the product. Well I thought I could put up with that, and I did. But then it started placing album art from one artists to other artist's albums and even though when a song played it would list the proper artist as who the song would be by but it would be listed under another artist's album when you went to look for it. Other times I would only put one song on the mp3 player by an artist and the artist would be listed twice along with the same song. So it became extremely frustrating to find and upload music on the Toshiba gigabeat. Then to top it off, it died on me one time while listening to it and then after recharging it I turned it back on and it automatically deleted all of the music and video files I had on it and I had to put them all back on one by one. The problems kept occuring so I decided to get an Ipod and just give up on it. It's not worth the frustration and stress it causes. My advice is to stick with an Ipod or maybe a Creative.  

- First, let me start with the things I really DO like about the GB30. The user's interface is simple, the graphics are crisp, and it is ridiculously intuitive to manage and transfer music as a Napster Ready-to-Go device.  However, the battery performance is pitiful. After 10 days (painfully aware that I am outside the window to return this for a refund from my seller), the battery would drain despite the fact that the unit was turned off.  After reluctantly returning the unit to the Toshiba repair depot, I received it within another 7 days only to find that they did not fix the problem.  So, I give up. I keep the unit fully charged by keeping it plugged in to the wall outlet between uses.  However, I will never by another Toshiba product nor would I ever recommend this seller again.  

- Specs say 20 hours get maybe 2.  Then have to turn of batter life switch and back on.     

- Battery life is absolutely atrocious.  I have had the battery replaced twice, and still I have less than 2 hours battery life.  And when the battery drains, all music/photos stored on the internal hard drive are gone....have to reload from a PC.  Worst product I ever bought.  

- I have had the same problems as many other users.  The Gigabeat worked OK for two months, with an occasional freeze up.  Now my computer can't recognize it and it erased all of the music that I put on it.  And the Toshiba Customer Service people are complete jerks and hung up on me.  

- Very happy for the 1st 3 weeks and then problems started to occur.  I put it in my back pocket of my pants and I guess my walking around while listening to it caused some kinda of warping (but MP3 players are built to stand some warping, right?).  First the screen died so I can only use the buttons to navigate to play the music.  Then the battery would suddenly discharge for no obvious reasons.  Now (3 months from the date I made the purchase) the whole player doesn't even work any more.    I am frusrated but I can't return it since I bought it in the US and relocated to Asia.  Don't buy it!  

- i had this one after iaudio this is ok but the most thing that i don't like that you have to do sync from media player it can't show by folder like computer while in iaudio you can beald as many folder you want like computer. and just drag from one drive to another so simple while this is so confusion i just got it and now i m sending back.good bye toshiba i preffer to by iaudio its amazing even it has fm recording and all function better than this. so consider iaudio.   

- I purchased the Gigabeat after reading the reviews about this unit being the "ipod killer". First, what I don't like about the unit. The battery, the battery, the battery! If apple can make a battery life on the IPOD that last 20 hours, why can't other manufacturers?  The first week I got the Gigabeat the battery lasted 5 hours, then 4, then 2. Now it doesn't turn on. I had to send back to Toshiba for repair. I am not happy. Where are the accessories? How can you beat the iPOD without accessories? Price - If you want to beat the king you have to be better than the king especially in price.  In operations. If you are not careful you can delete all the music on the player.   Now here is the good: The unit sounds great, nice size screen, works well with Media Player, easy to use.   The bottom Line: This is not an "iPod killer". I should have gotten an IPOD!!  

- <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000EHCUIY/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/102-5202989-9565743">Toshiba MES60VK Gigabeat 60 GB Portable Media Player (Black)</a>  DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  We purchased this for our daughter. Used to love the Toshiba line. I own their laptop, two high definition tv's, their high definition dvd player, and a regular dvd player.  So, when purchasing the Gigabeat, I didn't hesitate.  Well, the thing turned out to be a lemon. System failure, hard drive failure.  Sent it out twice for repair, both times losing over 1200 songs my daughter paid for.  They told us if it happened a third time, even after the warranty expired, they would replace or refund our money.  Guess what?  It just failed, and they said, tough luck, you're out of warranty.  By days mind you - not months, not years, just days it is out of the warranty period.  Nice company, considering what faithful customers we are..  I will never purchase from, or recommend Toshiba again, and I will take every opportunity I can to let every consumer know what their customer service is.  A Joke.  I will be writing their corporate office also.  They are so non-consumer oriented, you cannot even send customer service an email at Toshiba, nor can you speak to a supervisor.  You have to mail them!!!!!  Yes mail, regular mail, like the post office, with a stamp.  Hello!!!!!!! Aren't they a technology company? No emails??????  What a huge disappointment Toshiba.  Shame on you.    

- I was thrilled to get the Gigabeat (60 gig) and spent hours loading it up. Then the problems began. This is an actual partial copy of my email to Toshiba customer service at the address provided with the product: ........................................................ Just received Gigabeat 60 from Amazon Friday. S/N: (provided)   This has been a nightmare for me. I waited for this product and did not want to go IPOD.   After following ALL instructions and spending hours downloading selected music, pictures and videos - including several VONGO downloaded films which I subscribed to just for your device, I connected the Gigabeat later yesterday to add some more downloads and instead I saw a message on the device stating something like "deleting files" and within seconds EVERYTHING I had downloaded was gone....GONE!   After this I rebooted the PC, reconnected the USB to the Gigabeat and it was no longer recognized by the PC, even though I did get the message asking me if I wanted to use Windows Media or VONGO. When I clicked on Windows Media is when I got the "not recognized" message. Interestingly the VONGO site did recognize and I was able to download films again...BUT I could never get the PC to recognize GIGABEAT when in Windows Media. I even downloaded WM again through the gigabeat software CD.   So, I waited until this morning to try again - since it was after midnight when I finally gave up trying.    This morning (Sunday) I turned on the Gigabeat, the PC and reconnected them using the USB. This time I immediately got a message on the PC stating that the connected device has malfunctioned. Then I disconected the Gigabeat, which said it was connected, and the Gigabeat's screen shut down. It will not turn on at all. It will not even show the battery icon when using the AC adaptor.   I am ready to return this to Amazon tomorrow and ready to write a user review outlining this horrible experience. Your device came with a slip of paper saying please do not return the product and to call customer service. This either means that you are serious about making this product successful, or there have been many problems, or both. Of course, unlike many other tech product suppliers, you have no weekend phone support and do not even begin until 10 am EST on weekdays.    I will wait to call Amazon to arrange the return until 1:00pm EST in case you would like to call or email to discuss. If you email or call and get my voice mail please be sure to leave a direct return phone number....or failing that please state a time that you will be calling and I will make sure I am in my office to answer your call - any time between 11:30 and 1:30 EST.   Again, this has been a nightmarish disappointment for me. I would appreciate a thorough and helpful response.    UPDATE: After I returned the product I received an email response - days later - from Toshiba customer service (Rick) telling me to "swith off the battery for at least 3 minutes" and if this doesn't work to call an 800 number for support. I'm not sure what this meant as the battery has no switch and is not removable. But, of course, I had already returned the product and have received a refund from Amazon.   Some people seem to love the new Gigabeat, but I am not willing to live with the chance that all files will delete on their own at any time. I liked it for the hour that it worked for me. In my opinion, Toshiba has work to do in quality control as well as customer support. I guess I'll wait for the upcoming competing Microsoft product.   

- Ok... I did my homework and decided the Toshiba Gigabeat was what I wanted.  I ordered it last Thursday and even joined Amazon Prime so I could get it overnighted for $3.99... just had to have it for the weekend.  First, I loaded over 600 songs on it Friday night.  It was great.  While I was listening to those I joined VONGO and downloaded 8 movies!! The next day I tried to transfer the movies to the Gigabeat... TRANSFER ERROR! Oh, but it gets better... ALL my 600 songs were GONE!!!!  Hmmmmm, seems I remember reading about a similar problem someone else had in the reviews.  So I reload the songs and finally get the movies to transfer.  Later that day I record something off TV and try to transfer that.... ERROR!  This is getting old.  Wait, not done.... Sunday I fire it up again and guess what.... yep, all 600 songs are gone again!!  So Monday morning I contacted Amazon and sent it back!  Figured I give it one more chance so I told them to ship me a replacement.  If I have ANY problems at all with this one, it's going back for a refund!  Obviously Toshiba has some quality issues!!! Oh, and when I emailed them (Toshiba) about the problem, I got the exact SAME email back that the other guy did... something about turning off the battery for 3 minutes!!  What a joke!  All I can say is beware on this one... seems to be alot of lemons in the mix!!!  NOTE:  Amazon has been wonderful to deal with on this, so my rating is based on the performance of the Gigabeat, not Amazon.  They paid for the defective unit to be returned and sent me a new replacment the next day, before they even received mine back!!  5 stars for them!!  UPDATE:  I received the replacement unit from Amazon.  I tried transferring movies that I downloaded from VONGO... one of the main reasons I bought this unit.  All I got was error messages!!  After numerous attempts I called Vongo's techincal help line.  "Not our problem, must be Toshiba"  So I called Toshiba's Technical help line.... you know what's coming... "not our problem, must be Vongo!"  So the next day it went back for a refund!!  I'd think twice about wasting your money on this device, it obviously has A LOT OF BUGS to be worked out and I got a real "couldn't care less" attitude about it from Toshiba!!  

- Wow after i read the comments on this website I am 110% glad that i returned my Toshiba Gigabeat today. Its uncanny how I've had the EXACT problems with the gigabeat. Transferring audio is easy but keeping them on the device is very tough. When I tried to transfer a video windows media player, it would always get stuck in the converting process at 0%. After 2 hours and still at 0%, i disconnected the gigabeat. When i turned it on, it said "Dumping Information" on the screen. What did customer service say? Turn of the battery for 3 min? BS! This occurs 2 more times after I did this. In addition to this, my battery would abnormally die even after a night's charge. A message would come up on the screen saying that "Portable Media Center is very low on battery and will turn off soon". Then there was an option to click OK, but the screen froze and the only remedy to this was to reset the battery and say goodbye to all ur content.   And what about video quality you ask? lol. It was so bad i thought my vhs had better qualities. Due to the 65k color screen there were numerous color abnormalities on the screen. Horrible night scenes due to lack to color transition made watching nighttime movies impossible to bear. Plus the gigabeat virtually supports no video format. But what about WMV? No. It has no native support for any video file. Even if you try to transfer a WMV file to the gigabeat you will need to convert it. Worse, if you have an divx or xvid encrypted divx and try to convert it on the gigabeat frame-skipping occurs. Atleast the viewing angles are great? WRONG. If you watch a night scene on the gigabeat you will fund yourself turning the screen around.  Why am I saying all of this? You've probably read about these problems many times before this. I am just reitterating my problems just to show you how deceptive this product really is.  O sure you see a 8.3 in cnet, 9.2 on pcworld so it must be a great product. Then you think it looks sexy and its not an ipod. The best deal! WRONG. I was optimistic like this before i bought the gigabeat. Companies and people wonder why many consumers are pessemisstic about products and seek to find anything wrong with it. I have learned that if you want to buy a product you must expect the worst from products.      Bottom line: It depends on what you want. You want portability get an ipod. It has the same capacity, a thinner look, a sexier look and a whole lot more battery life. No FM tuner, but the tunner in gigabeat is garbage anyway. I have manual tuning radios that work better. You want quality and performance? Get the Creative Zen Vision: M. It has greater video support, DivX 4,5, Xvid, Mpeg 2,4 and WMV. It has a bigger and better screen at 2.5 with 262,000 colors compared to the gigabeat's 62k. Better FM tuner, and more features including calendar, contact list, screen keyboard for artist search, organizer, microphone and radio recording.   If there was a zero rating for this product I would rate it just that. I fully recommend that you do not buy it, and if you do then returning it will be the best day of your life.  

- I was attracted to the M260 as I could Drag&Drop my wma files.  That was easy.  I also liked the use of rechargable AAA bateries.  Unfortunately, my M260 went into a "reformating disk" mode, then a "rebuilding library" mode for a couple of hours then DIED.  I had used it for aobut 6 hours total. I returned it to the POP and will research iPods!  

- Great looking and easy to use, but when the unit came, it wouldn't play any of the songs, WMA or MP3. When I pushed the play button, the pause icon wouldn't go away. Didn't want to exchange it, returned it fast and easy.  

- I received this MP3 player for Christmas of 06, and have experienced a flaw in it's design that is well documented with it's user base. I will simply paste an explanation of the problem I found.  "There is a known issue regarding these players' tendency to display "unknown artist" or "unknown album" even when Windows Explorer, or Media Player clearly reflect the correct artist and or album of a particular song when the unit is connected via the USB port. This issue appears to occur randomly and even the most recent beta firmware (version 2.2.5) has not resolved it." [...]  Other discussions about said issue can be found will a small amount of research. However, there is no solution to this problem. I contacted SanDisk via their on-line tech support system on Jan-9, and received no response after several days. I then called their tech support line, as assigned case ID #982315 and was told I would be contacted the next day by somebody named Jason. I was never contacted by said person.  After a week of waiting, I wrote their customer service again. On Jan-23, I received an e-mail instructions to return my MP3 from where it was bought.  Replacing my MP3 player with the same model containing the same fundamental design flaw is not what I want, I want a solution. This MP3 player cost over $200, and it was shipped with a known defect.  Based on my experience with SanDisks customer service, the bug this player was shipped with, and SanDisks inability to correct said bug via firmware updates in over a year, I will not buy another SanDisk product.  

- I was happy with this player in the beginning until I began having problems with some WMA and MP3 files.  They just won't play on the device unless I reformat it and copy them back on.  Sandisk support always say it's a normal process to reformat a device once in a while.  I don't think so!  Well, at least not every 2 weeks...  Now my warranty is expired since a week and Sandisk completely refuse to exchange it.  They just say "sorry for the inconvenience".  Well, I say "sorry, but you lost a customer!"    Also, be aware that they only support Windows XP under the MTP mode.  I tried putting some files on the device using the MSC mode which is compatible with Windows 2000.  The device will play the files but when you try to play a complete album, the songs will play them sorted by title instead of track number!  

- I bought this a year ago and had some problems with it.  It was defective from the factory.  Trying to work with Sandisk customer support was not a positive experience.  I am about to throw it away and buy another brand.  

- I've owned this mp3 player for almost 2 years. At the time of my original purchase, this was pretty good player given it's price/capacity/size.  Today, given the strong competition out there and this Sansa's many flaws I'll detail below, I'd recommend most people look for a different mp3 player.  Pros: - Small/Light/Flashbased: The #1 reason I bought this player.... the physical size of this unit and it's solid state flash memory are perfect for runners.  I strap it to my arm and hardly know it's there.  The included elastic armband and clear plastic case work fine for running and gym use.  Yes, the plastic case is cheap and not likely to withstand rough use or repeated trips in and out of tight fitting jean pockets.  But this freebie is good for keeping light rain and sweat off the unit.  - Capacity:  This model is 4GBs... certainly not huge but MORE than enough for exercising and about just right for normal daily listening.  I typically use both MP3 and WMA's encoded using VBR 128 / 96 respectively and my player easily holds 30+ FULL albums.  At this bitrate the music isn't anywhere near CD quality, but it's good enough for when I'm out-and-about.  With 4GB's, I can go weeks before feeling the need to rotate new music onto my player.  -Backlighted display:  The display has a nice blue backlight that allows operation in the dark.  It's not fancy but it's very functional and allows me to operate the unit during early morning runs or in the car at night.  The backlight duration is adjustable and can be turned off completely to save battery power.  -Uses 1 AAA Battery:  Some people might consider this a CON.  For me, this was the #2 reason why I chose this unit.  When I go on vacation, I travel on a sportbike, sleep in a tent, and hike a lot.  I don't generally have access to electricity, nor do I carry a Laptop which many of today's MP3 players rely upon for recharging via USB.  This Sansa allows me to take a handful of AAA's and just go without worry.  When I'm not traveling, in order to save money and be environmentally conscious, I use 850mAh NiMH rechargeable batteries.  The rechargeables only last about 6-7 hrs, a little over 1/2 the runtime a normal alkaline battery provides, but who cares?  They're rechargeable!  I just pop another one in.  One NiMH easily gets me through a workday.  Windows Media Player or straight Drag-and-Drop for music management:  In MTP mode, the unit utilizes WMP for music library mgmt and syncing.  Personally, I like WMP.  It's fast, has a small memory footprint, and doesn't have processes that continue running memory resident even after I exit the application like iTunes.  I like WMP.  You may not.  If not, you can set the Sansa to mass storage mode and just drag and drop files onto the unit.  It's your choice.  Auto-Bookmarking function:  If you power down the unit while it's playing or PAUSE the unit and allow it to automatically power down after X number of minutes of inactivity, upon start-up the M260 will automatically resume playing from where it left off.  This is a must have feature for audiobook and podcast listeners becausing fast forwarding though huge .mp3 files is a pain.  Cons:  Poor Sound Qlty:  OK 1st off, this is not an audiophile product nor is it meant to be.  Also everyone knows sound quality is only as good as the source material so low quality encodes = poor sound.  But regardless, this Sansa like other SanDisk players I've used has "relatively" poor sound.  Specifically, bass and mid-bass are really poor and neither the custom EQ nor the handful of sound Presets (rock/jazz/etc...) do anything to improve the sound.  Actually, the presets make things worse!  Don't get me wrong, this player is NOT unlistenable OK!  It won't make your ears bleed :)  It's just not a GREAT sounding player compared to other brands, even those considered to have middling sound qlty like the iPod Video and iPod Shuffle in particular.  Even my cheap and outdated Creative C100 Sport sounds much better... deeper and tighter bass, fuller mid-range and clearer highs.  Plus the Creative's EQ is actually practical unlike my Sansa.  In order to get ANY KIND OF ACCEPTABLE bass out of this Sansa, you need to buy headphones that WAY OVER EMPHASIZE BASS.  I've found some inexpensive JVC headphone at Wally World that do just this.  These headphone sound terrible with a normal mp3 - way too bass heavy & boomy.  But paired with my Sansa, these earbuds fill in the low-end hole of the M260's audio spectrum.  Poor software/firmware expertise:  As a software developer myself, I'm rather shocked at SanDisk's level of technical expertise, or lack there-of.  This is a multi-million (billion?) dollar company!  Do these people understand the concept of Software Quality Assurance Testing???  I recently applied their newest firmware, hoping it would fix the music shuffle problem, and had disastrous results.  The good news is that my player still "plays" music.  The bad news is that the display is totally hosed.  As you skip through music, the ID3 tag info like Artist/Title from the previous song is not erased from the LCD display before the next song's data is displayed.  In other words, the display just continues to transpose song data on top of the previous song's data.  The display becomes unreadable... it looks like the Klingon alphabet!    Now Sandisk tells you NOT to update the firmware unless you are experiencing a problem that's addressed in the new firmware... some might even say, "well you did the update, so it's your fault"  I say total B.S!!  I'm a developer.  I actually TEST MY CODE before releasing it to the general public!  Also when I release code, I perform a little thing called Documentation in order to explain exactly what my code is doing.  SanDisk doesn't provide release notes with it's new firmware updates so there's no way to determine what problems/fixes are being addressed.  Oh, and their auto firmware installer is a horrid piece of software that automatically loads on boot-up and runs continuously in the background monitoring for new firmware updates.  The biggest problem is that the firmware updater seems to interfere with the m260's ability to sync with WMP!  You have to uninstall the firmware updater application to get syncing to work again!   This brings up the question of why a firmware updater needs to run 24x7 in the first place - especially if SanDisk says don't update unless you need to?  Me thinks they're sending mixed messages!  Music Shuffle doesn't Shuffle:  This unit has a "shuffle" feature but it doesn't do anything.  If you activate Shuffle and select PLAY ALL, the unit will play Songs X, Y, Z.  If you turn off the unit, turn it back on, reactive Shuffle, and select PLAY ALL, the M260 will play the same songs, X, Y, Z in the exact same order.  What's the point?  I was hoping the new firmware would fix this... well we know how that turned out!  - Doesn't play songs in Album order, uses Alpha Order instead:  This is a huge problem if you listen to Ebooks, podcasts, or are the type of person who enjoys listening to music in album order.  This Sansa does not obey the ID3 tag for TRACK #.  Instead it plays all music alphabetically by title.  This is beyond annoying if you listen to audio books or podcasts... You'll have to go in and rename all your files alphabetically like "Chaper_01-01.mp3, Chapter_01-02.mp3, Chapter_01-03.mp3" instead of relying on the ID3 Track# tag.  I have ebooks that are made up of hundreds of MP3 and this renaming is a royal pain in the a$$.  Random Lockups / Crazy Static sounds - Now this is NOT a huge problem.  It happens infrequently, maybe 10 times in 2 years.  But it's still not very assuring.  A solid state piece of equipment should not randomly lockup.  Also on a few occasions the unit just starts putting out static laced music and really low audio volumes for no reason.  The rectify either problem, you simply have to pop out the AAA battery and restart the thing.  Takes like 5 seconds.  With players without removable batteries, I've read these types of issues can be terminal.  Again, not a game stopper by any means, but just one more negative issue a "modern" mp3 player should not have!  Windows Media Player:  In general, WMP works just fine as a syncing/music manager.  But occasionally, it does not recognize the Sansa upon plugging in the USB adapter.  You then have to go through the process of unplugging, waiting, re-plugging, waiting.... with the Sansa until WMP recognizes the unit.  Again, this doesn't happen very often... maybe I'll have an issue 5% of the time.  But still, 5% of the time is still NOT GOOD ENOUGH for a piece of consumer electronics gear.  CE gear should work 100% of the time.  Flimsy battery cover:  I'm not a huge stickler for build quality.  I don't require my things be made out of aircraft aluminum or titanium for me to be happy.  As long as something is constructed fairly solid I'm good.  That said, the battery cover on the M260 is definitely CHEAP.  It has 2 TINY plastic points on one end that act as a hinge.  The other end has a really weak plastic clip that holds the battery cover on.  If you are not an extremely careful person like myself, I can easily see you breaking the plastic points or clip off the cover.  Even just putting on the included plastic carry case can be dangerous to the battery cover.  The plastic case has 2 snaps on the back to keep it secured.  If you press too hard on the snaps, it puts pressure on the battery door and can easily break door's plastic tabs!  In summary, this is not the worst player out there.  It's great for exercising, but so are a TON of other players on the market today.  If I had to do it over again, I would not buy this unit.  But in the 2 years I've had it, it's be useful... painful and annoying at times YES... but useful.  Even with the screwed up display, I'll continue to use my m260 for my morning runs, but I'll have to find a better behaved unit for daily use.      

-  Update:   The player freezes with no sound and with the screen on (displaying album artwork), at random times and for no apparent reason. One of my two units had to be reset so many times that it can no longer be reset: it feels like that internal pad you press on with a sharp pin has now disappeared (it must have broken off). Our only recourse now is to wait 3 days for the battery to run dead, and hope that it will be reset simply by recharging it from scratch. We've only had this unit since August (it's now December), so I no longer feel the reliability level of this product is sufficient to justify its purchase. Buy something else that doesn't have to be reset all the time!     I bought the 2 GB model because it had the largest flash memory of any unit that works with the Napster-To-Go subscription, so it can store the largest number of songs and color photographs. The 1 GB version is identical except for the amount of installed flash memory.  Why did I choose to buy a flash memory based MP3 player? Compatible hard drive models with much larger storage capacity abound, but I figure they'll break prematurely because they use a hard drive that can't withstand much jogging, accidental bumping or dropping.  I bought two of the players plus the separately sold AC wall charger, and attached one of them to the wall charger for 6 hours, while I attached the other one to a USB port on my PC to charge it for 6 hours.  At the end of 6 hours, the unit attached to the PC was fine until I unplugged it, then it went comatose and would not even revive when the reset button was pushed several times. I had to exchange it for a replacement unit just two days after buying it.  The unit attached to the wall charger was fine, and I went on to load it up with music using my Napster-To-Go subscription. That was fine until 2 weeks later, when my wife charged it on a PC using the USB cable. After charging and disconnecting from the PC, it too went comatose.  This time I was able to revive it by pushing the reset button.  Then I took a look at the other unit, which had been charging on the AC wall charger. It had also gone comatose, and I was able to revive it by pushing its reset button.  The reset button is inside a tiny hole on the left edge of this unit. You can find it by following the thin groove that's below the screen all the way to the left edge of the unit, where you'll find it on the side. The picture in the manual does NOT accurately depict its location.  The hole leading to the reset button is very, very small. The instructions say to penetrate that hole with a pin.  I used the sharp end of a safety pin to do this. When the pin is inserted, it's quite easy to miss the reset button unless the pin is inserted at exactly the right angle. You'll know it's not at the right angle if you don't feel that you're pushing on a pad with a spring behind it when you reset the unit. That pad travels a short distance until it's stopped by a control surface inside the unit; that's when you know it has been reset.  The reset system should be redesigned so that it doesn't depend on the angle you insert the pin to work. I suspect that the first unit I returned could have been reset if I had known that you have to insert the pin at just the right angle to do it. Since I didn't know, my several attempts to reset it were not successful.  Resetting the unit is akin to rebooting a PC: it revives it when the internal software (called "firmware") has frozen by restarting the software. It does not erase your songs or photos.  Make no mistake: this MP3 player looks, feels and works beautifully. However, since the firmware is newly designed, it appears to have bugs relating to disconnecting it from USB or charger power that cause it to freeze, and the reset button is a little hard to use if you don't know about the things I described above that could cause you to be unable to reset it. You may just end up with a unit that's frozen and not be able to reset it.  It needs to be a little more user friendly than that. Hopefully a future firmware update will be available that will lower the occurrence of the unit locking up (freezing), especially when disconnecting from a USB port or AC charger after recharging it. As another user noted, the "safe disconnect" icon is often times not even in the system tray.  If you don't subscribe to Napster-To-Go, your options to get content for your MP3 player are to transfer your favorite songs from CDs you own to your hard disk ("ripping the songs"), or purchase songs one track or album at a time, at a price ranging from 88 to 99 cents per song from sites like Napster, Rhapsody or WalMart.  You can also download books you want to listen to (such as best sellers and classics) or "podcasts" (your favorite newspapers read aloud, or your favorite radio programs like NPR) from a plethora of sites (like NetLibrary and Audible) that make these available, to your computer's hard drive. Now you can listen to your music, audible books and podcasts over your PC loudspeakers while sitting at your PC.  Then you can transfer your songs, audible books and podcasts from the hard drive of your PC to your MP3 player(s). This enables you to take your MP3 player with you to enjoy listening in your car, in your office, while jogging or working out at the gym, while shopping, or at the pool or the beach to hear your music, audible books and podcasts anywhere.   

- I bought this as an IPOD alternative for Audible books .  It takes a long time to start and stop and does not return to where you left off in a book accurately.  Maddening.  I'd avoid this if you listen to audiobooks.  

- No Fm is built in. Furthermore, in order to change the battery you have to send the product to service, which binds you to the company with additional battery change costs.  I also found the menus complicated. You can check CNET for a detailed review. If you stil want to purchase, purchase the Zen V plus which includes radio.  

- The player has what to me is a fatal flaw: when playing back recorded XM content, the player creates an automatic couple of seconds of silence between every song. This break is even more annoying because it seems to not be an inserted space (a couple of seconds of dead air if you will) added between tracks, but rather is done ON TOP of the recording. In other words, the last few notes of every single song and the first few notes of the next song get cut off always. This is more jarring than you would imagine, especially since like most radio stations, XM's songs play back-to-back (ie: the next song is played on the station as the previous song fades away). This is the normal continuous music mix we expect from normal radio listening but the player adds a very noticeable break that cuts off the songs on both ends. This is actually even worse a problem during spoken moments like the station IDs or announcements. In other words, instead of hearing "This is Fred on 44", the player will instead play "is is Fred on fo" cutting off the message. Another example is instead of playing the well-known jingle "American Top 40 with Casey Kasem", you only hear "rican Top 40 with Casey K". It is just ridiculous and ruins the entire listening experience. There seems to be no way around this flaw either. It might be less of a problem for listeners of classical or other programming that normally has silence in between each song, but for those who listen to pop or rock or dance radio, this is really terrible, as bad as if a DJ totally messes up the transition between songs on the dancefloor- what we like to call a "trainwreck" of music.  

- It's okay, but I didn't like having to record songs for playback. I really wanted to be mobile and still have the live radio.  

- You must have a window that faces south in order to receive a signal. I live in an apartment that has windows only facing north and east and I can not get a signal and therefore this product is worthless to me. So check to make sure you have access to a south window or somewhere to mount the antenna to face south that also is not blocked by trees or tall structures.  Good Luck!   

- Unfortunately, I found the Nexus to be a very niche product. I'm sure anyone who is researching this product knows by now that it does not allow you to listen to live XM content on the go. Fair enough, since it never claimed to. However, the idea of this being such a small player only for use of MP3 content and recorded XM content did not impress me.  The screen is incredibly small. Of course, this isn't a problem if you are using this player hand held, or in a situation where you don't want to see the display anyway. However, listening to live XM content is entirely different. Don't expect to have this receiver docked in the home kit a yard away from you, and still have the ability to read the screen.   This also becomes a problem in the car. I drive a small compact two-door car, and had the receiver mounted at eye level on the dash. I could see the display okay. Not perfect, but okay. My passengers, however, could not see the display at all. Before you have the chance to think of any bad eyesight jokes, I have had both an XM Roady 2 receiver and a Sirius Audiovox PNP3 receiver mounted in this same position, and never got any complaints. Adjusting the brightness and contrast didn't do much good. The artist text is easier to see than the title text, as it is in bold letters. Having a black and white screen did not help.  To record live XM content, you must begin the recording within 45 seconds of the start in order to get the entire selection. This may be great when you hear the first notes of a song you know, love, and want to record, but it's a huge flaw for discovering new music. How many of us can decide within the first 45 seconds of a song whether it is or isn't a song we'll want to hear again? Since XM boasts of having the largest play lists on Satellite Radio, how can you assume that song you just heard on Deep Tracks will be a song you will ever hear again on XM?  Wait, you could've just add it to your TuneSelect, so it will notify you next time it is played and you can record it then, right? Nope. The Nexus does not include a TuneSelect. Nor does it even include a memory option, where you can store the artist and song title. There is an option titled "Bookmark" though, where the Nexus and the included Napster software will make it easier for you to find and purchase any song you "Bookmark" when you have the Nexus connected to your PC. However, I could find no way to see what songs I bookmarked without using the included Napster software.  The User Interface on the Nexus could use a lot of help. There are way too many buttons to press to find your way around the unit. Simply going from Live XM to Recorded/MP3 content can take a while. Be prepared to wander around aimlessly with this receiver for at least the first few hours.  Of course, this receiver does not have the 1-10 presets that other satellite radio receivers do. I did find switching between stations more challenging while driving due to this. You can set up a "favorites" category list on the Nexus, but I would have liked more options for customization with this category.   Both the Nexus Home Kit (included with the receiver) and the Car Kit come with remotes. I found the remotes to be pointless though. The remotes could have offered an easier way of getting to your favorite channels, but there was no such option. The number keys on the remote only guided you in accessing a channel if you knew the channel number. If you could dock your Nexus across the room and see the display clear enough, the remotes may have been of more use.  As for MP3s, you are able to search by artist or song title, but not album. You just transfered the entire Led Zeppelin II album onto your Nexus, and you want to play it from start to finish? Well, if you have some other Led Zeppelin songs on your Nexus, you'll have to find "Whole Lotta Love" and begin playing there. The album title will not be displayed on the Nexus screen though, and the track number won't be either. I'm not expecting the Nexus to be an iPod, but I did find this to be an extreme annoyance.   Note that the Nexus can be partitioned to store either 50% XM content and 50% Personal content, or 100% XM content. Don't expect to fill 1GB of your own MP3 collection.  The Nexus also contains a new technology for XM known as the Passport. The passport is a small chip that is docked directly behind the Nexus in the home or car kit. It is not and cannot be physically connected to the Nexus. The passport is only required for Live XM content. If you purchase a Nexus and activate it with XM, you are not actually activating the Nexus. You are activating the XM passport. Essentially, you can purchase as many Passport enabled receivers as you desire and only pay one subscription fee, assuming you will only want to listen to live XM content on one receiver at a time. Of course, this is a plus side to the Passport technology. If you only have the desire to own one Nexus, it can be a real pain to have to carry around and dock both the Nexus and the Passport with you every time you go from the car to home. The Passport's small size could make it much easier to be lost or misplaced as well.  I have heard that satellite radio companies make it hard for thieves to get away with stealing equipment. The victim of the theft just needs to contact the company, and they will blacklist the ID of the receiver so it cannot be reactivated. The Passport makes the Nexus an easier target, since it is impossible for the receiver to be blacklisted, due to the ID coming from the Passport.   Although I am well aware that the car kit is sold separately, I feel the need to mention in this review that I was not comfortable with the cosmetics of the car dock. The bright silver color of it made it very easy to see, regardless of the time of the day or the amount of light coming into my car. Needless to say, I was concerned that this would be a huge theft magnet. Most satellite radio receivers and mp3 player car docks are much more low profile, and for good reason.  Although I'm sure this is the result of stricter FCC guidelines, FM Modulation is only an option with the car kit. Unlike previous satellite radio receivers I have owned, you can use any FM frequency you desire with the Nexus. One thing to note is that the FM Modulation will not work if you have anything plugged into the "Line Out" of the car kit, such as a cassette adapter or auxiliary cables. I was very disappointed that no FM Modulator is included with the home kit.  I can't say there is nothing positive about the Nexus though...  Loading your personal music collection onto the Nexus is very simple. You can even simply do a copy/paste or drag and drop though Windows. I used Rhapsody instead of Napster to load some of my songs onto the Nexus, and it worked perfectly.   I also liked that there was an equalizer included. Of course this is an expected feature of an MP3 player, but it also works with live XM content.   It doesn't play only MP3s either. I have all of my music library encoded with iTunes AAC, with a VBR of 128Kbps. I had no problems with playback of these files.  Overall, the Nexus does what it is advertised to do. I feel the receiver comes short on many features and with it's portability. I noticed the price of these have already gone down substantially since the holidays, and some retailers have already stopped carrying them. It should be interesting to see if Samsung and XM continuing with this design. Hopefully they will address some issues and create a receiver worth while.   

- I'm sure this item would have received a 5 star rating if I had used it; I have found Samsung products to be very good.  I did not use this item because of the additional charge it would have added to my XM Satellite Radio Subscription.  I already am paying costs for two radios.  I purchased this item to have more portable capabilities, but I did not want to incur an additional charge on my XM account.  Consequently, I returned the product without using it.  

- So going from the Delphi Skyfi to a Nexus here are my thoughts.  I don't mind the passport idea, I like it. I used to have two accounts, one for the car and one for the house. Now I only have one and take the passport and unit with me. The ability to record XM is great, I setup a session to record Air81 on BPM. Worked great, small drop out in volume after each 1-hour set but I can live with it.  Did not try loading mp3's, I don't really have any mp3's as I like XM to much.  Now the problems. 7 days into using it, the unit died. All static if any output. I bought a 2nd unit, tested and found that the Passport chip is okay, but the Nexus unit itself went bad. I'm also finding that the passport chip gets VERY hot... almost unsure if it should be this warm but can't find anything online about it.  I'd say, all in all. If you can find the new INNO on sale. Go for it instead.  

- Awesome concept, however I live in an apartment that doesn't have any south facing windows, so I was unable to get a signal.  I strongly advise against calling the XM radio help # from a phone that won't use up your cell phone minutes.  Had to call them four different times, and all they did was read me the instruction manual, and tell me that if I don't have signal my radio won't work (I had clearly established that fact already).  I recieved the radio for free because of a rebate, and didn't even intend on getting XM radio, but figured since the unit was free, and an MP3 player, to give it a try.   I was going to break down and buy the $70 car kit but then I ran across the AGT sportscaster for $20, which came with a car kit.  Since I can't use it in my house, I hook up the home base to the car kit, and at least I can use it that way.  This ended up being a lot of work for something I wasn't sure I wanted in the first place.  Haven't used the MP3 player yet, but napster does not seem the most user friendly.  (I have the majority of my songs on Itunes)  

- I decided to get a portable XM that could record.  I love to listen to Coast to Coast AM, but I can not stay up and hear it at 1am.  I decided on the Inno for myself and went to get it.  Last minute at the store my husband wanted an XM, but was hesitant to spend the extra money for the Inno.  That was about a month ago. Last night he went ahead and bought an Inno for himself.  The NeXus, while cheaper, did not function as well.  He had a hard time finding his recordings and they did not seem to play in order.  Overall he felt that instead of an upgrade from an old Roady, this was a step back. It did not work well, he had lots of problems with playing music he loaded onto the unit.  The screen was not in color.  It would lock up a lot. It was a pain to carry the passport everywhere with the NeXus.  I would recommend getting the Inno.  In the long run you will be much happier.  

- I have been a subscriber for 4 years.  Back in November my account was turned off due to a billing issue. The week prior to it being turned off I started receiving 3 calls a day for payment.  I advised one of the reps to wait a week for the payment, payment was made.  Calls stopped for another week.  The radio was then turned off and the 3 calls a day started up again.  I explained to the bill collectors I owed nothing and when offered to reactivate the radio I told them not to bother, at this point I wanted nothing more to do with XM.  They offered me 3 months of free service to come back, anyone who cancels can get this by the way, and I refused.  The 3 calls a day continued for the next week, I was informed that it simply takes a week for your name to fall out of their automated system....    2 more months go by and then I start receiving a bill saying that I reactivated my radio and owe for 2 months of service and all the late fees that go with that.  40 dollars.  I call in and state I never reactivated my radio, thus I don't owe for reactivating my radio and the 2 months of service that would have followed.  The customer service rep told me that it would be taken cared of, 2 weeks later I get another bill.  I call back and the rep tells me the same thing and apologizes for my inconveniences.  I even called back the next day just to make sure it was finally resolved, and that rep confirmed that I no longer owed anything.  So then last month I start receiving COLLECTIONS NOTICES. YOU HAVE ONE MONTH TO PAY THIS BEFORE IT GOES TO COLLECTIONS.  I called in and was promised they would look into it and call me back.  This apparently has taken care of the issue, though I never received the call back.  This week I called 6 times, 3 of which I was promptly hung up on for no reason, and was told each time that it had been resolved.  So hopefully this time it really is...  To anyone considering XM I suggest you just get an MP3 player.  

- I have the Nexus 25 but assume the same problem exists in the 50. When listening to a recorded XM channel, the player automatically drops out (cuts off) the last couple of seconds of each song and the first second or so of the next song. This means you lose the last few notes of every tune and the first few of the next one. This is extremely jarring if you are used to the normal radio listening experience, since like most radio stations, XM's songs are played in a continuous mix without break, meaning normally the next song starts as the previous song fades away without interruption. Even more noticeable is when this happens during spoken moments such as station IDs or jingles. Instead of hearing "The History of Alternative Music, Fred on 44", you instead only get "istory of Alternative Music, Fred on Fo" or instead of "American Top 40 with Casey Kasem", you hear only "rican Top 40 with Casey K". It is just ridiculous and there seems to be no way around it.  

- I stopped using this product after a few weeks because of its limitations, which when added up make it a poor entertainment buy in my opinion.  No secret is made of the fact that this device only picks up the XM signal when it is tethered to its antenna and cradle... you can't get the signal on the go.  This actually isn't as bad as it might seem.  You can easily set up the device to record many hours of your favorite XM channel overnight for example and listen to it on the go later.  You can delete songs you don't like and you will eventually end up with quite a bit of music you do like.  It records XM music at a fairly low bitrate (128 kbps), which does not give you a high quality recording.  It could be that XM's signal doesn't broadcast at a higher bitrate, which would mean this limitation isn't the product's shortcoming, but rather XM's.  The user interface (a 'special' version of Napster) can be extremely frustrating in terms of getting it to recognize the Nexus device until you realize you have to start the software and plug in the device in a particular order, which the user manual doesn't tell you - neither did customer support at either Samsung or Napster.  In fact, I was told things about the device and the software that were so clearly wrong as to be sadly comical.  For instance:  Napster told me the software can only manage music purchased from Napster, which is clearly wrong.  The Nexus manual tells you in writing that "you can only transfer songs [between the Nexus and your PC] that you have purchased from XM+Napster or songs that you have ripped from your audio CDs."  This too is clearly wrong.    All the above in my opinion isn't even the worst of it.  This product, tied to XM Radio service, can obviously be no better than XM Radio itself.  I wanted very much to like XM but could not get over the fact that even though you are paying $12.95 a month, they still talk over the music, and they play plenty of ads and irritating XM 'jingles'.  I have cancelled service due to these issues.  I don't see the point for all the XM-originated chatter and channel ID jingles when you can simply look at your device to see what channel you're listening to (and paying for) if you can't tell from the music selections.  I tried out XM a few years back for a few months (cancelled for other reasons) and the talk-over and extraneous jingle issues seem much worse now than they once were.  I have found internet-based sources of free music that is free of ads and chatter, and which can be recorded on your hard drive with various available software... and at higher bitrates that are of noticeably higher quality.    

- XM Satellite billing issues  I had read this earlier on posts regarding XM's billing practices but thought it was just that person's problem or misunderstanding. Unfortunatley, I was wrong.  When you sign up for XM online you give over your credit card # which is then in their greedy little paws. After trying one of their radios for a few weeks I decided there were some good features but nothing worth keeping. I returned the radio to an area big box store w/o any issues.   I had only paid for a 30 day subscription with my credit card but they continued to bill me.   Links on the web site for unsubscribing lead to another page of links w/o telling you how to unsubscribe! When I called to find out why they were continuing to bill me one representative gave me a runaround saying that even though they could cease billing me they had to bill me as the radio had still been running (this is well over a month after returning it)!. Eventually they agreed to a partial refund even though I do not trust them to not bill again.  For those who might say this is not about the equipment listed on Amazon, I believe it's impossible with satellite radio to unlink the radio programming or the billing issues from the equipment. This is not Amazon's fault, but I think consumers need to be warned.  If you must try XM, I would highly recommend using a credit card that you add money to for any individual purchases not your usual purchases. I do not, however, think they're a very honest company.   

- The flash drive doesnt get detected at all. The customer service of CENTON doesnt respond. I wish i could get the replacement.  Thanks..  

- I purchased three of these as Christmas presents. My eight-year old loved it...until she realized the lanyard clip didn't work (we then used a twist tie to hold the lanyard on), the key ring thing broke, and then the player stopped playing altogether! She did not abuse this in the least. We returned it for a refund. The other two are still working fine but don't get nearly as much use. I also recommend buying a rechargeable player, as this one eats batteries. We replaced my daughter's player with a ZenV by Creative, which I highly recommend.  

- I bought three of these items and with in two weeks all three began to malfunction ,the fm radio function stopped working and the player kept switching on and off rendering it useless.The only funtion remained partially working is the flash drive memory option.    

- This is extremely hard to use and confusing. Mine came without instructions. I accidentally pressed the "hold" button and have never since managed to get it off hold.  

- This product, despite being tagged as one IS NOT AN ALARM CLOCK! Had I been looking for an mp3 player, I would have rated this higher, but considering that this is the first item to come up on a search for mp3 alarm clock, this product fails to tell time. I would die a happy man knowing that the alarm clock tag was removed from this.  

- HDD Read error when opened the box. I searched the internet and found it hapened to many others (I made a mistake not searching about the prodcut before purchase). No resolution was suggested. I packed it back and shipped it for refund.  

- When I first purchased my Coby MP3 player, I was very satisfied.  I would have happily given it a "5".  It worked wonderfully.  I have had it for about 3 or 4 months now and am starting to have many technical and other problems.  First, my battery lasts about 1 hour when the player is fully charged.  Second, I have a lot of trouble getting the screen sensors to register.  In other words I have to push on the screen many times before it registers what I want as far as switching songs or turning down the volume.  It often changes screens without my asking it to.  Right now, I can not get the player off of  the radio and continue to get error messages.  Additionally, I purchased one for my 17-year-old son.  His broke within one week.  He put it in his pocket and the heat caused the screen to go black.  He is not rough on his electronics.  

- This was a worthless piece of crap. Packaging said that product would work with the Ipod mini. When i stick in the iJet piece that goes into the dock spot, it just says that the ipod is OK to disconnect, i can't do anything with my mini until I take it out. The controller doesn't work either. The AAA battery that it came with doesn't 'fit' into the controller. It gets in there fine, but it rattles and I just couldn't seem to get a connection between the battery and the controller. I followed all the directions, and at first I thought my product was faulty so i returned it for another one, and the exact same problem occured. 0 out of 5 stars, I'm never touching another product by iJet again.  

- The other reviewer of this product obviously didn't read the directions.  First of all, the unit comes with a piece that secures the battery in the remote.  Second, I am assuming it is a limitation of the iPod's software, but when the remote adapter is plugged in, the iPod is supposed to say it is OK to disconnect.  Having said that, the unit does suck.  When the adapter is plugged in, you cannot use the iPod's controls or view anything on its screen.  The remote is very buggy and often loses its connection to the iPod.  If you go through songs too quickly, the information displayed on the screen will not always be correct.  The iPod doesn't always respond to the remote.  You can hear a buzzing in your earphones when information is being transferred to the remote.  Battery life is pathetic.  Finally, the remote scratches easily and is ugly.  Suffice it to say, I returned mine.  

- Wireless remotes for your iPod have been around for a while. Recently, a new generation of remotes has started to appear on the scene. These remotes have displays to show you what you are playing on the iPod. The iJet Two-Way is one of these remotes.  The iJet Two-Way is available in black and white, and it is compatible with any iPod with a 30-pin dock connector. It requires one AAA battery for the remote control.  The system consists of the remote and the receiver. The remote is a little box that measures a little less than 1 1/2"x2 1/2", and it is about 3/4" thick. It also has a small (about 1/2") antenna on the top, the iPod control buttons, and a 2 line LCD display. The receiver, which attaches to the dock connector of the iPod, is the width of a full sized 5th generation iPod, less than an inch long, and as thick as an 80GB iPod.   Unlike other remotes with a display that I have seen, this remote does not require a dock connector/base. You can leave the house and go anywhere with the iJet Two-Way connected to the iPod.   As with other iJet remotes I have reviewed, the basic remote features of the Two-Way are great. You have play, pause, volume up and down, skip, and scan. Holding the play button will even power down the iPod. The range of the remote is fantastic, and the box states you can go up to 150ft away. I had no problems having the remote work from the third floor of my house to the basement.   The receiver has some improvements over older iJet remotes. Like the other iJet receivers, this has a dock connector at the bottom so you can charge your iPod with the remote connected, or even sync it. In addition to that, you can now change the volume of speakers connected through the dock connector by using the remote . New on this receiver is a headphone jack. This is great for Nano users, and it also improves the sound quality over listening through the standard headphone jack. If you use the standard jack, some of the remote controls will not work.  The LCD display is what makes this iJet remote different from the other iJet line. The display is made up of two lines, and has a blue backlight. The backlight makes the display easy to see and read.     Using the display, and corresponding buttons, you can scan your iPod for artists, songs by an artist, and your playlists. You choose which list you want to see buy clicking a button on the side of the remote.      You cannot scan specific albums. For this I would suggest making album specific playlists.   The only issue I had with searching my iPod is that the remote picks up audiobooks and podcasts (video podcasts, too). However, these are not categorized, they are just lumped together in the list of artists. So, once again, specific playlists would be suggested for sorting these out. Video playlists are also detected. If it is in a playlist, it will be listed.  In order for the remote to display the playlists and artist list you have to load them onto the remote. This is where the Two-Way falters, and the directions that come with the remote are no help. In fact, they confused me even more.  The first time you use the Two-Way you choose if you want to load playlists or your artists off the iPod. When I did this for the first time, I chose playlists. By choosing playlists the artists and tracks not in those playlists were not loaded onto the remote. Trying to load the entire artist list using the same procedure did not work.   I tried every troubleshooting reset, and I still could not load the rest of my artists.   Finally, I found directions for using the remote on a second iPod. This button combination allowed me to load all my artists and playlists at once. I was now able to search through the lists of artists through the remote and choose who I wanted to play.  I then ran into another problem. If you add tracks to iTunes or change your playlists, how do you update the remote? There is no mention of this in the directions. The only method I found to work was using the button combination I found for using the remote on a second iPod.   I finally thought I had figured things out. However, I discovered that the remote did not always load properly and some tracks by random artists were not listed. I reloaded the remote, and it seemed to correct itself.  Once loaded the remote does work great. I have an in-line jack in my car for my iPod, but it is under the armrest console. With the Two-Way I can choose a playlist or artist off my iPod without having to get the iPod out of the console. It is also great for those who play the iPod through a house/office wide speaker system. You can control the iPod from another room of the house or office.   Unfortunately, the issues with loading the remote, the bad directions, and a high price of about $130 (I have seen it at various internet stores for under $100) makes this a hard product to recommend. If you have the money to spend, consider yourself good with gadgets, and you have a lot of patience you might want to give this a try. For everyone else I would suggest the one of the other iJet remotes, which are great.  Hopefully, ABT will continue to work on what has the potential for an amazing iPod remote.  MyMac.com rating: 2.5 out of 5  Pros: Remote controls for controlling the iPod work great Great range No need for a dock connector/base Remote displays what you are playing and lets you choose what you want to play without having to use the iPod  Cons: The directions a lacking important information for loading the remote Loading the remote is confusing (partly because of the directions) and some tracks might be missing You cannot scan for specific albums The price is on the expensive side  

- The only thing this remote does reliably is either claim to be out of range (5 feet from Ipod) despite multiple resets and resyncs of both the remote and the ipod, and freeze the ipod. Pity because it is a great idea for folks who hook their ipods up to their stereos and want to be able to control them.  

- This is a beautiful product. But, if you're like me and have next to no computer savvy, be wary: iTunes 7 can be excruciatingly slow. I put in a CD more than a day ago to import to iTunes, and it is still not done. I have no idea what to do.  The iPod, which I named Lulu, was plugged into my computer for the first time yesterday, and ever since has been sporting the "do not disconnect" screen.  I have found no support phone numbers to call. If/when I figure out how to use this very pretty piece of technology, I may update my review. But as of now, I am hundreds of dollars poorer and have nothing to show for but red-faced frustration.  

- I was initially very excited about this product. It is very light weight and ostensibly ideal for runners. It's meant to be used by athletes. However, it has broken 3 times now, all when running. When I run with it, either outside or on the treadmill, it gives of electrical shocks! The first time, the shock was so strong that the whole player shorted out and I had to send it back to be fixed - it wouldn't play anymore! This was just one week after I got it. The second time, just the headphones got damages, but they had to be replaced, because no sound came through them anymore. This last time, the shock was so bad that half of the internal memory was wiped out, and it no longer supports the external memory card. I would not recommend this player to someone who is looking for something durable and reliable.  

- i got this because i was looking for a decent player to work out with.  because it only has 32 mb built in, i bought a 64 mb mmc.  the player worked great until i put the memory card in.  then when i tried to work it in both my computer and my parents, i was told there was no memory at all...when i brought it back to where i purchased it, they gave me a new one, and i tried a different brand of memory card-maybe that was the problem.  nope, once i formatted it, i was told once again there was no memory.  and when i tried to contact the company, i kept getting forwarded to different people, and just decided to scrap the whole thing, so i returned it all.  it was a lot more hassle than i wanted.  

- Pros: mp3/wma playback, size<br>Cons: intermittent connectivity to PC, battery drain problem, loose LCD display, flimsy back cover<p>This player's specs looks nice at first: mp3 and WMA playback, 32mb upgradeable to 96mb, small size so you don't look like techno-dork, and I only paid $30 for it on Black Friday. Sound quality is good after ditching the supplied headphones and the LCD is nice.<p>But...<p>Even after the latest firmware upgrade, the battery discharges even when turned off - I'm lucky to get a few days worth out of it [only using it 1 hour/day]. <br>The back case is a bit flimsy and looks like it'll break off any day due to the constant changing of the battery. <br>Default software had problems connecting to Win98, Win2k, and WinXP - had to get the original Rioport with Nike PSA drivers...then use compatibility mode in Win2k and XP to trick it into working.<br>Default software makes it a pain to transfer songs to the unit: only exception is if ALL your MP3s have ID2 info PROPERLY entered.<br>The LCD hangs separately from the unit so it's easy to get it tangled onto anything.<p>Bottom line: not worth even the $30 I paid for it.  

- I would not buy anything from RIO again. I have owned two of their MP3 players (Rio 600 and psa[play60). Both units broke within a month of purchase. As for the psa[play60 I can not get a customer service person to return my email. I have written 3 times in a two week span with no help. On their website they list the psa[play60 as a &quot;legacy&quot; product. I think they meant &quot;good luck getting these products fixed&quot;. I would recommend not buying any RIO product.  

- I have one of these. It worked fine for a few months, but then the on/off button started having problems. Sometimes I just can't turn it off. I will think twice before I buy an Apple product next time.  

- I ordered this i-pod, "IN STOCK," a week ago and they are now telling me it won't arrive in time for Christmas?!  3 weeks to ship something that's IN STOCK! And that's with expedited shipping! (though I'll bet if I had chosen 1 or 2 day shipping... what a racket! They want more shipping $!)  PLUS, I can't cancel or change the shipping on the order now!  Sorry, but I don't have an extra $150 sitting around to re-buy this gift elsewhere and return the one I ordered here later (and how long would THAT take to get my money back?)  How do I explain why Santa didn't bring what my child wanted? (or brings it a week late?!)  THOUROUGLY disgusted with Amazon. I used to get "IN STOCK" items within a week if not a few DAYS.  

- I have a diferent ipod previously and it is great.  I bought this one used and it was dead in 1 week.  I will not buy an ipod used again, it is not worth it.  The Nano in general is a good product, just not the one I got stuck with by buying used, you never know the abuse.  

- I originally bought this because of the styling and the price difference between this model and other companies' MP3 players. It has been nothing but a waste of time and money. The battery life was fine during the first cycle and after four subsequent recharges ended up lasting no more than a few minutes. I sent it in for service. They charged it and sent it back to me. The same problem started happening again. The company refused to send me a new model or give me a refund. Instead, I had to ship it back to Samsung for yet another go at fixing it. Like the first time, they charged the battery and sent it back to me (after six weeks!). I received it yesterday, and only half of the battery is left after turning it on for the first time. The company also erased ALL of my music and picture files. I just called customer service, and the office is closed. What company does not offer 24 hour customer assistance? Overall, I do not recommend the YP-Z5 model, and I don't think I will buy Samsung products again.   

- Update as of April 14, 2007.  I recently bought Zune and Zune just like IPod does act as a hardrive (You have to use through proprietary software).  Since Samsung does, I would change the two stars to three stars.  The screen in Zune is nice but there are no movies in the Zune Marketplace which seem like a waste.     Overall, if this little player could do video and had better navigation buttons I would give it five stars.  Original review: This is my second Samsung (I had two ipods before Samsung).  I loved the the first Samsung.  Why did they have to change good things about it such as the software or navigation controls?   The nice screen is a waste since you can't use it for video.  The controls for scrolling up and down are frustrating since you have to press them very lightly.  The only reason why I am not giving it one star is that the external design is beatiful.     

